<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, January 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71">Friday, January 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class="themeScrp"><em>Press on to maturity.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 6:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">As you advance toward Christian maturity, you will find that principles become more important to you. That is because laws may apply to a specific situation, whereas principles are far broader in application. For example, a young child does not understand the dangers of bad associations, so a discerning parent will set rules to protect him. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 15:33</a>) But as the child matures, his thinking ability develops, and he is able to reason on Bible-based principles. Thus, he can increasingly make wise decisions in choosing his associates. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 13:11;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 14:20</a>) When we reason on godly principles, our conscience increasingly becomes a more reliable guide, attuned to God’s thinking. Do we have everything we need to make wise decisions that please Jehovah? Yes. By making skilled use of the laws and principles found in God’s Word, we will be “fully competent, completely equipped for every good work.”​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Tim. 3:16, 17</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>19 ¶14;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation2"> 20 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 6:1)</strong></a> Therefore, now that we have moved beyond the primary doctrine about the Christ, let us press on to maturity, not laying a foundation again, namely, repentance from dead works and faith in God,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:33)</strong></a> Do not be misled. Bad associations spoil useful habits.*</p><p></p><p>Or “corrupt good morals.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 13:11)</strong></a> When I was a child, I used to speak as a child, to think as a child, to reason as a child; but now that I have become a man, I have done away with the traits of a child.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 14:20)</strong></a> Brothers, do not become young children in your understanding, but be young children as to badness; and become full-grown in your understanding.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:16, 17)</strong></a> All Scripture is inspired of God and beneficial for teaching, for reproving, for setting things straight,* for disciplining in righteousness, <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>so that the man of God may be fully competent, completely equipped for every good work.</p><p></p><p>Or “correcting.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
