<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, January 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65"><span id="page14" class="pageNum" data-no="14" data-before-text="14"></span>Wednesday, January 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class="themeScrp"><em>All of you are brothers.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 23:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">One sense in which we are “brothers” is that all of us have descended from Adam. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 17:26</a>) But there is more. Jesus explained that his disciples were brothers and sisters because they recognized Jehovah as their heavenly Father. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 12:50</a>) In addition, they had become members of one large spiritual family, united by love and faith. Thus in their letters, the apostles often referred to fellow disciples as ‘brothers and sisters.’ (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rom. 1:13;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 1 Pet. 2:17;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 1 John 3:13</a>) After making it clear that we should view one another as brothers and sisters, Jesus stressed the need for humility. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Matt. 23:11, 12</a>) Undue pride among his apostles had led to some disunity. And pride of race could also have been a problem. Did the Jews have reason to be proud because they were descendants of Abraham? Many Jews had that deep-seated conviction. But John the Baptist told them: “God is able to raise up children for Abraham from these stones.”​—<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Luke 3:8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>9-10 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 23:8)</strong></a> But you, do not you be called Rabbi, for one is your Teacher, and all of you are brothers.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 17:26)</strong></a> And he made out of one man every nation of men to dwell on the entire surface of the earth, and he decreed the appointed times and the set limits of where men would dwell,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 12:50)</strong></a> For whoever does the will of my Father who is in heaven, that one is my brother and sister and mother.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:13)</strong></a> But I do not want you to be unaware, brothers, that many times I have intended to come to you—but I have been prevented until now—in order that I might acquire some fruitage also among you just as among the rest of the nations.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:17)</strong></a> Honor men of all sorts, have love for the whole association of brothers,* be in fear of God, honor the king.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the brotherhood.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 John 3:13)</strong></a> Do not be surprised, brothers, that the world hates you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Matt. 23:11, 12)</strong></a> But the greatest one among you must be your minister. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>Whoever exalts himself will be humbled, and whoever humbles himself will be exalted.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Luke 3:8)</strong></a> Therefore, produce fruits that befit repentance. Do not start saying to yourselves, ‘We have Abraham as our father.’ For I say to you that God is able to raise up children for Abraham from these stones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
