<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, January 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8">Friday, January 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class="themeScrp"><em>May Jehovah be praised, who daily carries our load.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 68:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">We have many reasons to love Jehovah. Not only does he supply the good things we enjoy each day but he also teaches us the truth about himself and his purposes. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 8:31, 32</a>) He has given us the Christian congregation to guide and support us. He helps us carry our burdens now, and he offers us the hope of living forever in perfect conditions in the future. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rev. 21:3, 4</a>) When we meditate on how much Jehovah has already done to show that he loves us, we are drawn to love him. And when we love Jehovah, we gain a balanced view of fear. We fear hurting the One we have come to love so much. When you continue to recognize how much you benefit from Jehovah’s guidance, your love for him and his standards will grow. Then nothing Satan offers you will entice you away from serving Jehovah. Imagine yourself a thousand years from now. You will look back on your decision to get baptized as the best decision you ever made! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.03 </em>6 ¶14;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation2"> 7 ¶19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 68:19)</strong></a> May Jehovah be praised, who daily carries our load, The true God of our salvation. (<em>Selah</em>)</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 8:31, 32)</strong></a> Then Jesus went on to say to the Jews who had believed him: “If you remain in my word, you are really my disciples, <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>and you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 21:3, 4)</strong></a> With that I heard a loud voice from the throne say: “Look! The tent of God is with mankind, and he will reside with them, and they will be his people. And God himself will be with them. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>And he will wipe out every tear from their eyes, and death will be no more, neither will mourning nor outcry nor pain be anymore. The former things have passed away.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
