<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, January 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89">Thursday, January 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class="themeScrp"><em>Simon, Simon, look! Satan has demanded to have all of you to sift you as wheat. But I have made supplication for you that your faith may not give out; and you, once you have returned, strengthen your brothers.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 22:31, 32</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">On the night before his death, Jesus told the apostle Peter the above. Peter proved to be a pillar in the early Christian congregation. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gal. 2:9</a>) He encouraged his brothers by his courageous example at Pentecost and thereafter. Toward the end of his long ministry, he wrote to fellow Christians. Explaining why, he stated: “I have written you in few words in order to encourage you and to give an earnest witness that this is the true undeserved kindness of God. Stand firm in it.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Pet. 5:12</a>) Peter’s inspired letters have continued to be a source of encouragement to Christians throughout the ages and up to this day. How we need this encouragement as we await the fulfillment of Jehovah’s promises!​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Pet. 3:13</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>17 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 22:31, 32)</strong></a> “Simon, Simon, look! Satan has demanded to have all of you to sift you as wheat. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>But I have made supplication for you that your faith may not give out; and you, once you have returned, strengthen your brothers.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gal. 2:9)</strong></a> and when they recognized the undeserved kindness that was given me, James and Ceʹphas* and John, the ones who seemed to be pillars, gave Barʹna·bas and me the right hand of fellowship,* so that we should go to the nations but they to those who are circumcised.</p><p></p><p>Also called Peter.</p><p>Or “partnership.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:12)</strong></a> Through Sil·vaʹnus,* whom I regard as a faithful brother, I have written you in few words in order to encourage you and to give an earnest witness that this is the true undeserved kindness of God. Stand firm in it.</p><p></p><p>Also called Silas.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 3:13)</strong></a> But there are new heavens and a new earth that we are awaiting according to his promise, and in these righteousness is to dwell.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
