<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, January 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74"><span id="page15" class="pageNum" data-no="15" data-before-text="15"></span>Saturday, January 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="themeScrp"><em>Who really is my neighbor?​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 10:29</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">Jesus’ story showed that a Samaritan could teach the Jews the meaning of true neighborly love. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted25.xhtml#citation2">Luke 10:25-37</a>) To fulfill their commission, Jesus’ disciples needed to conquer the pride and prejudice they had. Before ascending to heaven, he assigned them to bear witness to “all Judea and Samaria, and to the most distant part of the earth.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 1:8</a>) Jesus had earlier prepared them for such an extensive assignment by drawing their attention to good qualities in foreigners. He praised a foreign army officer for his outstanding faith. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 8:5-10</a>) In his hometown of Nazareth, Jesus spoke of how Jehovah had favored foreigners, such as the Phoenician widow from Zarephath and the Syrian leper Naaman. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Luke 4:25-27</a>) And Jesus not only preached to a Samaritan woman but he spent two days in a Samaritan town because of the people’s interest in his message.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">John 4:21-24,</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 40</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>10 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 10:29)</strong></a> But wanting to prove himself righteous, the man said to Jesus: “Who really is my neighbor?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 1:8)</strong></a> But you will receive power when the holy spirit comes upon you, and you will be witnesses of me in Jerusalem, in all Ju·deʹa and Sa·marʹi·a, and to the most distant part of the earth.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 8:5-10)</strong></a> When he entered Ca·perʹna·um, an army officer came to him, pleading with him <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>and saying: “Sir, my servant is laid up in the house with paralysis, and he is suffering terribly.”* <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>He said to him: “When I get there, I will cure him.” <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>The army officer replied: “Sir, I am not worthy to have you come under my roof, but just say the word and my servant will be healed. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>For I too am a man under authority, having soldiers under me, and I say to this one, ‘Go!’ and he goes, and to another, ‘Come!’ and he comes, and to my slave, ‘Do this!’ and he does it.” <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>When Jesus heard that, he was amazed and said to those following him: “I tell you the truth, with no one in Israel have I found so great a faith.</p><p></p><p>Or “is terribly afflicted.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Luke 4:25-27)</strong></a> For instance, I tell you in truth: There were many widows in Israel in the days of E·liʹjah when heaven was shut up for three years and six months, and a great famine came on all the land. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>Yet E·liʹjah was sent to none of those women, but only to a widow in Zarʹe·phath in the land of Siʹdon. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>Also, there were many lepers in Israel in the time of E·liʹsha the prophet; yet not one of them was cleansed, only Naʹa·man the Syrian.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(John 4:21-24)</strong></a> Jesus said to her: “Believe me, woman, the hour is coming when neither on this mountain nor in Jerusalem will you worship the Father. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>You worship what you do not know; we worship what we know, because salvation begins with the Jews. <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>Nevertheless, the hour is coming, and it is now, when the true worshippers will worship the Father with spirit and truth, for indeed, the Father is looking for ones like these to worship him. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>God is a Spirit, and those worshipping him must worship with spirit and truth.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(John 4:40)</strong></a> So when the Sa·marʹi·tans came to him, they asked him to stay with them, and he stayed there two days.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
