<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, January 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Saturday, January 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class="themeScrp"><em>Everyone must be quick to listen.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jas. 1:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">Jehovah himself sets the superlative example in this regard. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 18:32;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Josh. 10:14</a>) Consider what we can learn from the interchange recorded at <span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Exodus 32:11-14</a>. Although not needing Moses’ input, Jehovah gave Moses an opportunity to reveal how he felt. What human would listen at length to the reasoning of someone who has displayed faulty thinking and then act on that person’s word? Yet, Jehovah listens patiently to humans who call on him in faith. Each of us does well to ask: ‘If Jehovah can stoop down to deal with people and listen to them as he did with Abraham, Rachel, Moses, Joshua, Manoah, Elijah, and Hezekiah, should I not be better at honoring all my brothers, dignifying them, listening to their ideas, and even acting on their good ideas? Does someone in my congregation or in my family deserve my attention right now? What should I do about that? What will I do about that?’​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Gen. 30:6;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Judg. 13:9;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 1 Ki. 17:22;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> 2 Chron. 30:20</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>6 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:19)</strong></a> Know this, my beloved brothers: Everyone must be quick to listen, slow to speak, slow to anger,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 18:32)</strong></a> Finally he said: “Jehovah, please, do not become hot with anger, but let me speak just once more: Suppose only ten are found there.” He answered: “I will not destroy it for the sake of the ten.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Josh. 10:14)</strong></a> There has never been a day like that one, either before it or after it, when Jehovah listened to the voice of a man, for Jehovah was fighting for Israel.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ex. 32:11-14)</strong></a> Then Moses appealed to* Jehovah his God and said: “Why, O Jehovah, should you turn your burning anger against your people after bringing them out of the land of Egypt with great power and with a mighty hand? <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>Why should the Egyptians say, ‘He had evil intentions when he led them out. He wanted to kill them in the mountains and exterminate them from the surface of the earth’? Turn from your burning anger and reconsider* your decision to bring this calamity on your people. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Remember your servants Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, to whom you swore by yourself and said: ‘I will multiply your offspring* like the stars of the heavens, and I will give all this land that I have designated to your offspring,* so that they may take it as a permanent possession.’” <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>So Jehovah began to reconsider* the calamity that he had spoken of bringing on his people.</p><p></p><p>Or “softened the face of.”</p><p>Or “feel regret over.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Or “felt regret over.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Gen. 30:6)</strong></a> Then Rachel said: “God has acted as my judge and has also listened to my voice, so that he gave me a son.” That is why she named him Dan.*</p><p></p><p>Meaning “Judge.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Judg. 13:9)</strong></a> So the true God listened to Ma·noʹah, and the angel of the true God came again to the woman while she was sitting in the field; her husband Ma·noʹah was not with her.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 17:22)</strong></a> Jehovah listened to E·liʹjah’s request, and the life* of the child came back into him, and he revived.*</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.”</p><p>Or “came to life.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(2 Chron. 30:20)</strong></a> And Jehovah listened to Hez·e·kiʹah and pardoned* the people.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “healed.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
