<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, January 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Sunday, January 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class="themeScrp"><em>Put on the complete suit of armor from God so that you may be able to stand firm against the crafty acts of the Devil.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 6:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">The apostle Paul likened our life as Christians to that of soldiers engaged in hand-to-hand combat. Of course, the war we fight is spiritual, not literal. Even so, our enemies are real. Satan and the demons are skilled warriors with vast experience. At first glance, our prospects may seem bleak. Young Christians in particular may appear to be vulnerable. How can they hope to win against superhuman, wicked spirit forces? The fact is, young ones can win, and they are winning! Why? Because they “go on acquiring power in the Lord.” But they do more than draw on God’s power. They are dressed for battle. Like well-trained soldiers, they have “put on the complete suit of armor from God.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 6:10-12</a>) When developing his illustration, Paul perhaps had in mind the armor worn by Roman legionnaires.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 28:16</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>27 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:11)</strong></a> Put on the complete suit of armor from God so that you may be able to stand firm against the crafty acts* of the Devil;</p><p></p><p>Or “the schemes.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:10-12)</strong></a> Finally, go on acquiring power in the Lord and in the mightiness of his strength. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>Put on the complete suit of armor from God so that you may be able to stand firm against the crafty acts* of the Devil; <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>because we have a struggle,* not against blood and flesh, but against the governments, against the authorities, against the world rulers of this darkness, against the wicked spirit forces in the heavenly places.</p><p></p><p>Or “the schemes.”</p><p>Lit., “wrestling.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 28:16)</strong></a> When finally we entered Rome, Paul was permitted to stay by himself with the soldier guarding him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
