<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, January 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83"><span id="page16" class="pageNum" data-no="16" data-before-text="16"></span>Tuesday, January 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class="themeScrp"><em>It is good to give thanks to Jehovah . . . For you have made me rejoice, O Jehovah, because of your deeds; because of the works of your hands I shout joyfully.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 92:1,</a></em><span id="citationsource2"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2"> 4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">The primary reason for setting spiritual goals is to show Jehovah how grateful we are for his love and for what he has done for us. As a young person, think of all you owe to Jehovah. Your life, your faith, the Bible, the congregation, and your wonderful hope for the future. Giving priority to spiritual matters is a way of showing gratitude to God for these blessings, and that brings you closer to him. Once you start working toward spiritual goals, you begin building a record of good works in Jehovah’s eyes. This brings you even closer to him. The apostle Paul promised: “God is not unrighteous so as to forget your work and the love you showed for his name.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Heb. 6:10</a>) You are never too young to set goals. Why not consider which goals are important to you and then start working toward them?​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Phil. 1:10, 11</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>26 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 92:1)</strong></a> It is good to give thanks to Jehovah And to sing praises* to your name, O Most High,</p><p></p><p>Or “make music.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 92:4)</strong></a> For you have made me rejoice, O Jehovah, because of your deeds; Because of the works of your hands I shout joyfully.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 6:10)</strong></a> For God is not unrighteous so as to forget your work and the love you showed for his name by ministering and continuing to minister to the holy ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Phil. 1:10, 11)</strong></a> that you may make sure of the more important things, so that you may be flawless and not stumbling others up to the day of Christ; <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>and that you may be filled with righteous fruit, which is through Jesus Christ, to God’s glory and praise.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
