<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, January 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29"><span id="page10" class="pageNum" data-no="10" data-before-text="10"></span>Friday, January 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class="themeScrp"><em>Whoever divorces his wife, except on the grounds of sexual immorality, and marries another commits adultery.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 19:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">The expression “sexual immorality” covers a range of sexual sins outside of marriage: adultery, prostitution, sex relations between unmarried individuals, homosexuality, and bestiality. If, for example, a married man engages in sexual immorality, his wife can decide whether to divorce him or not. Significantly, Jesus did not say that a mate’s immorality (<em>por·neiʹa</em>) <em>must </em>absolutely lead to divorce. For example, a wife might choose to maintain the marriage despite her husband’s having been immoral. She might still love him; she might be willing to forgive him and work with him to improve their marriage. Realistically, if she got a divorce but did not remarry, she would face challenges. What of her material and sexual needs? What about loneliness? Are there children to consider? (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 7:14</a>) Clearly, the divorced innocent one would face serious issues. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>12 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 19:9)</strong></a> I say to you that whoever divorces his wife, except on the grounds of sexual immorality, and marries another commits adultery.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:14)</strong></a> For the unbelieving husband is sanctified in relation to his wife, and the unbelieving wife is sanctified in relation to the brother; otherwise, your children would be unclean, but now they are holy.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
