<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, January 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page7" class="pageNum" data-no="7" data-before-text="7"></span><strong>January</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Wednesday, January 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp"><em>Moses was by far the meekest of all the men on the face of the earth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Num. 12:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">When Moses was a member of the Egyptian royal family, he was not meek. In fact, he had been so quick-tempered that he killed a man who he judged was acting unfairly. Moses assumed that Jehovah would agree with his actions. Jehovah spent 40 years helping Moses to understand that he needed more than courage to lead the Israelites; he needed to be meek. And to be meek, he also needed to be humble, submissive, and mild. He learned that lesson well and became an excellent overseer. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ex. 2:11, 12;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Acts 7:21-30,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 36</a>) Today, family heads and elders do well to imitate Moses. When treated disrespectfully, do not become easily offended. Humbly acknowledge any faults you have. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Eccl. 7:9,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 20</a>) Submissively follow Jehovah’s direction on how to handle problems. And always answer mildly. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Prov. 15:1</a>) Family heads and overseers who respond that way please Jehovah, promote peace, and set an example of how to be meek. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>8 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted.xhtml#pcitation2"> 10 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Num. 12:3)</strong></a> Now the man Moses was by far the meekest of all the men* on the face of the earth.</p><p></p><p>Or “was very humble (mild-tempered), more so than any other man.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ex. 2:11, 12)</strong></a> Now in those days, after Moses had become an adult,* he went out to his brothers to look at the burdens they were bearing, and he caught sight of an Egyptian beating a Hebrew, one of his brothers. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>So he looked this way and that, and seeing no one, he killed the Egyptian and hid him in the sand.</p><p></p><p>Or “as Moses was becoming strong.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 7:21-30)</strong></a> But when he was abandoned,* the daughter of Pharʹaoh took him and brought him up as her own son. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>So Moses was instructed in all the wisdom of the Egyptians. In fact, he was powerful in his words and deeds. <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>“Now when he reached the age of 40, it came into his heart to make a visit on* his brothers, the sons of Israel. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>When he caught sight of one of them being unjustly treated, he defended him and avenged the one being abused by striking down the Egyptian. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>He thought that his brothers would grasp that God was giving them salvation by his hand, but they did not grasp it. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>The next day he appeared to them as they were fighting, and he tried to reconcile them in peace, saying: ‘Men, you are brothers. Why do you mistreat each other?’ <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>But the one who was mistreating his neighbor pushed him away, saying: ‘Who appointed you ruler and judge over us? <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>You do not want to do away with me the way you did away with the Egyptian yesterday, do you?’ <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>On hearing this, Moses fled and lived as a foreigner in the land of Midʹi·an, where he became the father of two sons. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>“After 40 years had passed, an angel appeared to him in the wilderness of Mount Siʹnai in the flame of a burning thornbush.</p><p></p><p>Or “exposed.”</p><p>Or “to check the conditions of.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 7:36)</strong></a> This man led them out, performing wonders and signs in Egypt and at the Red Sea and in the wilderness for 40 years.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Eccl. 7:9)</strong></a> Do not be quick* to take offense, for the taking of offense lodges in the bosom of fools.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “hurry in your spirit.”</p><p>Or possibly, “is the mark of a fool.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Eccl. 7:20)</strong></a> For there is no righteous man on earth who always does good and never sins.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Prov. 15:1)</strong></a> A mild* answer turns away rage, But a harsh* word stirs up anger.</p><p></p><p>Or “gentle.”</p><p>Or “painful.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
