<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, January 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Monday, January 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>Our Father in the heavens, let your name be sanctified.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 6:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">The foremost reason why we share in the preaching work is <em>to glorify Jehovah and sanctify his name </em>before mankind. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 15:1,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 8</a>) Yet, we cannot make God’s name more sacred. It is already sacred, or holy, in the absolute sense. But note what the prophet Isaiah stated: “Jehovah of armies​—he is the One you should <em>regard </em>as holy.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Isa. 8:13</a>) We sanctify God’s name, among other ways, by regarding it as separate from all other names and by helping others to regard it as holy. For instance, by proclaiming the truth about Jehovah’s wonderful qualities and his unchangeable purpose for mankind, we defend God’s name against Satan’s lies and slander. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Gen. 3:1-5</a>) Also, when we strive to help people in our territory to see that Jehovah is worthy “to receive the glory and the honor and the power,” we sanctify God’s name.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Rev. 4:11</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>18 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:9)</strong></a> “You must pray, then, this way: “‘Our Father in the heavens, let your name be sanctified.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 15:1)</strong></a> “I am the true vine, and my Father is the cultivator.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 15:8)</strong></a> My Father is glorified in this, that you keep bearing much fruit and prove yourselves my disciples.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 8:13)</strong></a> Jehovah of armies—he is the One you should regard as holy, He is the One you should fear, And he is the One who should cause you to tremble.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:1-5)</strong></a> Now the serpent was the most cautious* of all the wild animals of the field that Jehovah God had made. So it said to the woman: “Did God really say that you must not eat from every tree of the garden?” <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>At this the woman said to the serpent: “We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>But God has said about the fruit of the tree that is in the middle of the garden: ‘You must not eat from it, no, you must not touch it; otherwise you will die.’” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>At this the serpent said to the woman: “You certainly will not die. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>For God knows that in the very day you eat from it, your eyes will be opened and you will be like God, knowing good and bad.”</p><p></p><p>Or “shrewdest; craftiest.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rev. 4:11)</strong></a> “You are worthy, Jehovah* our God, to receive the glory and the honor and the power, because you created all things, and because of your will they came into existence and were created.”</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
