<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, January 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Tuesday, January 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>Let your light shine before men.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 5:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">Ask yourself: ‘Is my complete allegiance to Jehovah evident to others? Do I look for opportunities to identify myself as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses?’ Jehovah would be deeply saddened if after he has selected us as his people, we were to hesitate to let others know that we belong to him. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 119:46;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Mark 8:38</a>) Sad to say, some individuals have blurred the distinction between their serving God and their not serving him by imitating “the spirit of the world.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 2:12</a>) That is a spirit that caters to ‘the desires of one’s flesh.’ (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Eph. 2:3</a>) For example, despite all the counsel that has been given on the subject, some still prefer styles of dress and grooming that are immodest. They wear tight-fitting and revealing clothing, even to Christian gatherings. Or they have adopted extreme haircuts and hairdos. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">1 Tim. 2:9, 10</a>) As a result, when they are in a crowd, it may be difficult to tell who belongs to Jehovah and who is “a friend of the world.”​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Jas. 4:4</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>24-25 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:16)</strong></a> Likewise, let your light shine before men, so that they may see your fine works and give glory to your Father who is in the heavens.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:46)</strong></a> I will speak about your reminders in front of kings, And I will not be ashamed.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Mark 8:38)</strong></a> For whoever becomes ashamed of me and my words in this adulterous and sinful generation, the Son of man will also be ashamed of him when he comes in the glory of his Father with the holy angels.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 2:12)</strong></a> Now we received, not the spirit of the world, but the spirit that is from God, so that we might know the things that have been kindly given us by God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Eph. 2:3)</strong></a> Yes, among them we all at one time conducted ourselves in harmony with the desires of our flesh, carrying out the will of the flesh and of our thoughts, and we were naturally children of wrath just as the rest.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 2:9, 10)</strong></a> Likewise, the women should adorn themselves in appropriate* dress, with modesty and soundness of mind,* not with styles of hair braiding and gold or pearls or very expensive clothing, <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>but in the way that is proper for women professing devotion to God, namely, through good works.</p><p></p><p>Or “respectable.”</p><p>Or “good judgment; sensibleness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Jas. 4:4)</strong></a> Adulteresses,* do you not know that friendship with the world is enmity with God? Whoever, therefore, wants to be a friend of the world is making himself an enemy of God.</p><p></p><p>Or “You unfaithful ones.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
