<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, January 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Monday, January 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>Stop judging by the outward appearance.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 7:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">Jehovah places no significance on racial, ethnic, national, tribal, or linguistic differences. Any man or woman who fears God and does what is right is acceptable to him. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gal. 3:26-28;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Rev. 7:9, 10</a>) No doubt, you acknowledge that this is true. But what if you have grown up in a land or in a home filled with prejudice? While you might see yourself as being impartial, deep inside, prejudice may linger. Even Peter, who had the privilege of revealing Jehovah’s impartiality, later manifested prejudice. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gal. 2:11-14</a>) How can we stop judging by the outward appearance? We need to examine ourselves carefully in the light of God’s Word to see if we are holding on to any prejudiced thoughts or feelings. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 119:105</a>) We might also need loving help from others who may see prejudiced attitudes in us, even if we cannot see them in ourselves. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Gal. 2:11,</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 14</a>) It could be that these attitudes are so ingrained in us that we are not conscious of them. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>9 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 7:24)</strong></a> Stop judging by the outward appearance, but judge with righteous judgment.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gal. 3:26-28)</strong></a> You are all, in fact, sons of God through your faith in Christ Jesus. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>For all of you who were baptized into Christ have put on Christ. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither slave nor freeman, there is neither male nor female, for you are all one in union with Christ Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:9, 10)</strong></a> After this I saw, and look! a great crowd, which no man was able to number, out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues,* standing before the throne and before the Lamb, dressed in white robes; and there were palm branches in their hands. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>And they keep shouting with a loud voice, saying: “Salvation we owe to our God, who is seated on the throne, and to the Lamb.”</p><p></p><p>Or “languages.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gal. 2:11-14)</strong></a> However, when Ceʹphas* came to Antioch, I resisted* him face-to-face, because he was clearly in the wrong.* <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>For before certain men from James arrived, he used to eat with people of the nations; but when they arrived, he stopped doing this and separated himself, fearing those of the circumcised class. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>The rest of the Jews also joined him in putting on this pretense,* so that even Barʹna·bas was led along with them in their pretense.* <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>But when I saw that they were not walking in step with the truth of the good news, I said to Ceʹphas* before them all: “If you, though you are a Jew, live as the nations do and not as Jews do, how can you compel people of the nations to live according to Jewish practice?”</p><p></p><p>Also called Peter.</p><p>Or “confronted.”</p><p>Or “he stood condemned.”</p><p>Or “hypocrisy.”</p><p>Or “hypocrisy.”</p><p>Also called Peter.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:105)</strong></a> Your word is a lamp to my foot, And a light for my path.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Gal. 2:11)</strong></a> However, when Ceʹphas* came to Antioch, I resisted* him face-to-face, because he was clearly in the wrong.*</p><p></p><p>Also called Peter.</p><p>Or “confronted.”</p><p>Or “he stood condemned.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Gal. 2:14)</strong></a> But when I saw that they were not walking in step with the truth of the good news, I said to Ceʹphas* before them all: “If you, though you are a Jew, live as the nations do and not as Jews do, how can you compel people of the nations to live according to Jewish practice?”</p><p></p><p>Also called Peter.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
