<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, January 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Friday, January 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="themeScrp"><em>Happy are the mild-tempered, since they will inherit the earth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 5:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">How can being mild-tempered contribute to happiness? After coming to an accurate knowledge of the truth, individuals change. At one time, they may have been harsh, quarrelsome, and aggressive. But now they have clothed themselves with “the new personality” and display “the tender affections of compassion, kindness, humility, mildness, and patience.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Col. 3:9-12</a>) As a result, they now enjoy a peaceful, loving, and happier life. Furthermore, God’s Word promises that such ones will “inherit the earth.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 37:8-10,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 29</a>) In what sense do the mild-tempered “inherit the earth”? Jesus’ spirit-anointed disciples inherit the earth when they rule over it as kings and priests. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Rev. 20:6</a>) Millions of others who do not have the heavenly calling, however, will inherit the earth in the sense that they will be allowed to live here forever in perfection, peace, and happiness. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>19 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:5)</strong></a> “Happy are the mild-tempered, since they will inherit the earth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Col. 3:9-12)</strong></a> Do not lie to one another. Strip off the old personality* with its practices, <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>and clothe yourselves with the new personality, which through accurate knowledge is being made new according to the image of the One who created it, <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>where there is neither Greek nor Jew, circumcision nor uncircumcision, foreigner, Scythʹi·an,* slave, or freeman; but Christ is all things and in all. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>Accordingly, as God’s chosen ones, holy and loved, clothe yourselves with the tender affections of compassion, kindness, humility,* mildness, and patience.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “man.”</p><p>“Scythian” implied an uncivilized person.</p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:8-10)</strong></a> Let go of anger and abandon rage; Do not become upset and turn to doing evil.*  <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>For evil men will be done away with, But those hoping in Jehovah will possess the earth. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Just a little while longer, and the wicked will be no more; You will look at where they were, And they will not be there.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “Do not become upset, for it can only lead to harm.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:29)</strong></a> The righteous will possess the earth, And they will live forever on it.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rev. 20:6)</strong></a> Happy and holy is anyone having part in the first resurrection; over these the second death has no authority, but they will be priests of God and of the Christ, and they will rule as kings with him for the 1,000 years.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
