<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, January 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56"><span id="page13" class="pageNum" data-no="13" data-before-text="13"></span>Sunday, January 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class="themeScrp"><em>The generous person will prosper, and whoever refreshes others will himself be refreshed.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 11:25</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">It can be a challenge to maintain a generous spirit when we are surrounded by people who put their own interests ahead of those of others. However, Jesus stated that the two greatest commandments are to love Jehovah with our whole heart, soul, mind, and strength and to love our neighbor as ourselves. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Mark 12:28-31</a>) Those who love Jehovah imitate him. Jehovah gives to others, and so does Jesus. And they recommend that we do the same, for it will make us truly happy. If we strive to manifest this generous spirit in our dealings with both God and neighbor, we will bring honor to Jehovah and benefit ourselves and others. No doubt you are already striving to give of yourself to help others, especially fellow believers. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gal. 6:10</a>) If you continue to do so, you will surely be loved and appreciated, and you will be happy as a result. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>22 ¶19-20</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 11:25)</strong></a> The generous person* will prosper,* And whoever refreshes* others will himself be refreshed.</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.”</p><p>Lit., “will be made fat.”</p><p>Lit., “freely waters.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Mark 12:28-31)</strong></a> One of the scribes who had come up and heard them disputing, knowing that he had answered them in a fine way, asked him: “Which commandment is first* of all?” <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>Jesus answered: “The first is, ‘Hear, O Israel, Jehovah our God is one Jehovah, <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>and you must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind and with your whole strength.’ <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>The second is this, ‘You must love your neighbor as yourself.’ There is no other commandment greater than these.”</p><p></p><p>Or “most important.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:10)</strong></a> So, then, as long as we have the opportunity,* let us work what is good toward all, but especially toward those related to us in the faith.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “appointed time.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
