<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, January 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11"><span id="page8" class="pageNum" data-no="8" data-before-text="8"></span>Saturday, January 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class="themeScrp"><em>Who can find a capable wife? Her value is far more than that of corals.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 31:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">The entire family benefits when each member expresses appreciation. The more marriage mates show gratitude to each other, the closer they become. They also find it easier to forgive each other’s mistakes. A husband who appreciates his wife not only notices the good things she says and does but also “rises up and praises her.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 31:28</a>) And a wise wife lets her husband know specifically what she appreciates about him. Parents, how can you teach your children to show appreciation? Remember that your children will imitate what you say and do. So set a good example by saying thank you when your children do things for you. In addition, teach your children to say thank you when people do things for them. Help your children understand that expressing gratitude comes from the heart and that their words can do much good. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>17 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 31:10)</strong></a> Who can find a capable* wife? Her value is far more than that of corals.*</p><p></p><p>Or “an excellent.”</p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 31:28)</strong></a> Her children rise up and declare her happy; Her husband rises up and praises her.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
