<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, January 31
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p92" data-pid="92"><span id="page17" class="pageNum" data-no="17" data-before-text="17"></span>Friday, January 31</h2>
</header>
<p id="p93" data-pid="93" class="themeScrp"><em>The one who peers into the perfect law that belongs to freedom and continues in it . . . will be happy in what he does.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jas. 1:25</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p94" data-pid="94" class="p94">To be able to do what one wants to do or to live the way one wants to live seems to be much desired by people everywhere. How to satisfy those desires, however, is quite another matter. On the social or political level, many resort to protests, demonstrations, revolts, even revolutions. But do such confrontations achieve the desired results? On the contrary, they often lead to tragedies and loss of life. All of this once again testifies to the truthfulness of King Solomon’s inspired observation: “Man has dominated man to his harm.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eccl. 8:9</a>) In today’s text, James pointed out the key to finding true happiness and satisfaction. Jehovah, who gave that perfect law, knows best the things humans need in order to be completely happy and satisfied. He gave the first human couple everything that they needed to be happy​—including true freedom. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>3 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p95" data-pid="95" class="p95"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:25)</strong></a> But the one who peers into the perfect law that belongs to freedom and continues in it has become, not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the work; and he will be happy in what he does.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eccl. 8:9)</strong></a> All of this I have seen, and I applied my heart to every work that has been done under the sun, during the time that man has dominated man to his harm.*</p><p></p><p>Or “injury; detriment.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
