<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, January 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Wednesday, January 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class="themeScrp"><em>Walk worthily of the calling with which you were called, with all humility.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 4:1, 2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">A remarkable example of showing self-control when we are provoked can be found at <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Samuel 16:5-13</a>. David and his servants endured reproach and physical assault by Shimei, a relative of King Saul’s. David did so despite having the power to put an end to it. How did David muster up the strength to control his spirit? The <span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">superscription of Psalm 3</a> indicates that it was composed when David “was fleeing from his son Absalom.” <span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Verses 1 and 2</a> fit events described in <span id="citationsource5"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted15.xhtml#citation5">chapter 16 of Second Samuel</a>. Then <span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Psalm 3:4</a> highlights David’s confidence: “I will call aloud to Jehovah, and he will answer me.” We too can pray when under attack. In response, Jehovah provides his holy spirit, which can help us to endure. Can you think of a situation in which you need to exercise self-restraint or freely forgive unwarranted animosity? Are you confident that Jehovah can see your affliction and bestow a blessing? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>6-7 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:1, 2)</strong></a> Therefore I, the prisoner in the Lord, appeal to you to walk worthily of the calling with which you were called, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>with all humility* and mildness, with patience, putting up with one another in love,</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 16:5-13)</strong></a> When King David reached Ba·huʹrim, a man of the family of Saul’s house named Shimʹe·i, the son of Geʹra, came out shouting curses as he approached. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>He was throwing stones at David and at all the servants of King David, as well as at all the people and the mighty men on his right and on his left. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Shimʹe·i said as he cursed: “Get out, get out, you bloodguilty man! You worthless man! <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Jehovah has brought back on you all the bloodguilt for the house of Saul, in whose place you have ruled as king, but Jehovah gives the kingship into the hand of Abʹsa·lom your son. Now calamity has overtaken you because you are a bloodguilty man!” <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Then A·bishʹai the son of Ze·ruʹiah said to the king: “Why should this dead dog curse my lord the king? Let me go over, please, and take off his head.” <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>But the king said: “What do I have to do with you, you sons of Ze·ruʹiah? Let him curse me, for Jehovah has said to him, ‘Curse David!’ So who should say, ‘Why are you doing this?’” <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>David then said to A·bishʹai and all his servants: “Here my own son, who came from my own body, is seeking my life,* and how much more now a Benʹja·min·ite! Leave him alone so that he may curse me, for Jehovah told him to! <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>Perhaps Jehovah will see my affliction, and Jehovah will restore goodness to me instead of the curses shouted at me this day.” <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>With that David and his men kept going down the road while Shimʹe·i was walking alongside the mountain abreast of him, shouting curses and throwing stones and a lot of dust.</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 3:0)</strong></a> A melody of David when he was fleeing from his son Abʹsa·lom.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 3:1, 2)</strong></a> O Jehovah, why have my adversaries become so numerous? Why are so many rising up against me?  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>Many are saying about me:* “God will not save him.” (<em>Selah</em>)*</p><p></p><p>Or “my soul.”</p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ps. 3:4)</strong></a> I will call aloud to Jehovah, And he will answer me from his holy mountain. (<em>Selah</em>)</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
