<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, January 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Thursday, January 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>He was moved with pity for them.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Mark 6:34</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">Note the reason why Jesus felt pity, which can reflect fellow feeling. He observed that the people “were as sheep without a shepherd.” Maybe Jesus saw that some of them were poor and were working long hours to provide for their families. Perhaps others were dealing with the loss of a loved one. If so, Jesus could likely relate to their situation. He may have faced some of these problems himself. Jesus was concerned about others, and he felt moved to bring them a message of comfort. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 61:1, 2</a>) What do we learn from Jesus’ example? Like Jesus, we are surrounded by people who are “as sheep without a shepherd.” They struggle with many problems. We have what they need​—the Kingdom message. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rev. 14:6</a>) So in imitation of our Master, we preach the good news because we “have pity on the lowly and the poor.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 72:13</a>) We feel for people, and we want to do something to help them. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.03 </em>21-22 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Mark 6:34)</strong></a> Well, on getting out, he saw a large crowd, and he was moved with pity for them, because they were as sheep without a shepherd. And he started to teach them many things.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 61:1, 2)</strong></a> The spirit of the Sovereign Lord Jehovah is upon me, Because Jehovah anointed me to declare good news to the meek. He sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, To proclaim liberty to the captives And the wide opening of the eyes to the prisoners,  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>To proclaim the year of Jehovah’s goodwill* And the day of vengeance of our God, To comfort all who mourn,</p><p></p><p>Or “favor.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 14:6)</strong></a> And I saw another angel flying in midheaven,* and he had everlasting good news to declare to those who dwell on the earth, to every nation and tribe and tongue* and people.</p><p></p><p>Or “in midair; overhead.”</p><p>Or “language.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 72:13)</strong></a> He will have pity on the lowly and the poor, And the lives* of the poor he will save.</p><p></p><p>Or “souls.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
