<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, January 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47"><span id="page12" class="pageNum" data-no="12" data-before-text="12"></span>Thursday, January 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class="themeScrp"><em>We are God’s fellow workers.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 3:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">When witnessing, we should <em>always </em>be considerate and respectful, which includes getting to know the local people well. Remember that when we go from door to door, we are uninvited guests. How important, then, that we call at a time when people might be more inclined to converse! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 7:12</a>) For example, do people in your territory like to sleep longer on weekends? If so, you may be able to start your ministry by doing street work, public witnessing, or return visits on people you know will be up and about. Many people are very busy, so it may be appropriate to keep your visits brief, at least initially. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 9:20-23</a>) When people see that we are aware of their circumstances or busy schedules, they may be more willing to have us call back. Clearly, the fruitage of God’s spirit should be reflected in our ministry. When it is, we truly become “God’s fellow workers”​—even a means by which Jehovah may draw someone to the truth.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 3:6, 7</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>32 ¶15-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 3:9)</strong></a> For we are God’s fellow workers. You are God’s field under cultivation, God’s building.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 7:12)</strong></a> “All things, therefore, that you want men to do to you, you also must do to them. This, in fact, is what the Law and the Prophets mean.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 9:20-23)</strong></a> To the Jews I became as a Jew in order to gain Jews; to those under law I became as under law, though I myself am not under law, in order to gain those under law. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>To those without law I became as without law, although I am not without law toward God but under law toward Christ, in order to gain those without law. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>To the weak I became weak, in order to gain the weak. I have become all things to people of all sorts, so that I might by all possible means save some. <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>But I do all things for the sake of the good news, in order to share it with others.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 3:6, 7)</strong></a> I planted, A·polʹlos watered, but God kept making it grow, <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>so that neither is the one who plants anything nor is the one who waters, but God who makes it grow.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
