<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, January 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Sunday, January 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class="themeScrp"><em>The righteous one will live by his faithfulness.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Hab. 2:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">The apostle Paul saw Jehovah’s assurance as so significant that he quoted this verse three times! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 1:17;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Gal. 3:11;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Heb. 10:38</a>) Whatever difficulties the righteous one may suffer, he will by his faith and trust live to see the fulfillment of God’s purposes. Jehovah tells us to look beyond the present. The book of Habakkuk provides a powerful lesson for all of us living in these last days. Jehovah extends his promise of life to any righteous person who displays faith and trust in Him. Let us continue to strengthen our faith and trust in God, no matter what distress and anxiety we face. Through Habakkuk, Jehovah assures us that He will support and deliver us. He kindly asks us to trust in him and to wait patiently for his appointed time when, under God’s Kingdom, the whole earth will be filled with his happy and mild-tempered worshippers.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 5:5;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Heb. 10:36-39</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>16-17 ¶15-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Hab. 2:4)</strong></a> Look at the one who is proud;* He is not upright within himself. But the righteous one will live by his faithfulness.*</p><p></p><p>Or “Look! His soul is swelled up.”</p><p>Or possibly, “faith; belief.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:17)</strong></a> For in it God’s righteousness is being revealed by faith and for faith, just as it is written: “But the righteous one will live by reason of faith.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gal. 3:11)</strong></a> Moreover, it is evident that by law no one is declared righteous with God, because “the righteous one will live by reason of faith.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:38)</strong></a> “But my righteous one will live by reason of faith,” and “if he shrinks back, I have* no pleasure in him.”</p><p></p><p>Or “my soul has.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:5)</strong></a> “Happy are the mild-tempered, since they will inherit the earth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:36-39)</strong></a> For you need endurance, so that after you have done the will of God, you may receive the fulfillment of the promise. <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>For yet “a very little while,” and “the one who is coming will arrive and will not delay.” <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>“But my righteous one will live by reason of faith,” and “if he shrinks back, I have* no pleasure in him.” <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>Now we are not the sort who shrink back to destruction, but the sort who have faith for the preserving of our lives.*</p><p></p><p>Or “my soul has.”</p><p>Or “souls.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
