<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, January 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Saturday, January 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class="themeScrp"><em>O you who love Jehovah, hate what is bad.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 97:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">Jehovah hates unrighteousness. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 61:8</a>) While he knows that we have some wrong inclinations because of inherited imperfection, he exhorts us to cultivate similar hatred for unrighteousness. Meditating on why Jehovah detests badness will help us make his view our own, giving us added strength to resist wrongdoing. Cultivating Jehovah’s view of unrighteousness will also help us identify certain practices as wrong, even though they are not specifically mentioned in God’s Word. For example, lap dancing is a form of lewd conduct that is becoming more common in the world. Some might excuse such conduct, reasoning that it is not the same as outright sexual relations. But do such actions reflect the thinking of God, who abhors every kind of badness? Let us stay far from wrongdoing by cultivating self-control as well as an abhorrence for what Jehovah hates.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 12:9</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>25 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 97:10)</strong></a> O you who love Jehovah, hate what is bad. He is guarding the lives* of his loyal ones; He rescues them from the hand* of the wicked.</p><p></p><p>Or “souls.”</p><p>Or “power.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 61:8)</strong></a> For I, Jehovah, love justice; I hate robbery and unrighteousness. I will faithfully give them their wages, And I will make an everlasting covenant with them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:9)</strong></a> Let your love be without hypocrisy. Abhor what is wicked; cling to what is good.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
