<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, January 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Thursday, January 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp"><em>A man of knowledge restrains his words.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 17:27</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">When faced with frustrating situations or recurring personality conflicts, do we control our lips and our temper? (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 10:19;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Matt. 5:22</a>) When provoked by others, we need to learn to “yield place to the wrath.” Whose wrath? Jehovah’s wrath. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rom. 12:17-21</a>) If we keep looking to Jehovah, we will show him due respect by yielding to his wrath, patiently waiting for him to take action when he deems it necessary. To do otherwise and avenge ourselves in some way would be tantamount to disrespecting Jehovah. Do we faithfully follow the latest directions that Jehovah has given us? If so, we will not rely on always doing things the way we have done them in the past. Rather, we will be quick to follow any new direction that Jehovah provides through his organization. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Heb. 13:17</a>) At the same time, we will be careful that we “do not go beyond the things that are written.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">1 Cor. 4:6</a>) In so doing, we keep our eyes fixed on Jehovah. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>15-16 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 17:27)</strong></a> A man of knowledge restrains his words, And a discerning man will remain calm.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “cool of spirit.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 10:19)</strong></a> When words are many, transgression cannot be avoided, But whoever controls his lips acts discreetly.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:22)</strong></a> However, I say to you that everyone who continues wrathful with his brother will be accountable to the court of justice; and whoever addresses his brother with an unspeakable word of contempt will be accountable to the Supreme Court; whereas whoever says, ‘You despicable fool!’ will be liable to the fiery Ge·henʹna.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:17-21)</strong></a> Return evil for evil to no one. Take into consideration what is fine from the viewpoint of all men. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>If possible, as far as it depends on you, be peaceable with all men. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Do not avenge yourselves, beloved, but yield place to the wrath; for it is written: “‘Vengeance is mine; I will repay,’ says Jehovah.” <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>But “if your enemy is hungry, feed him; if he is thirsty, give him something to drink; for by doing this you will heap fiery coals on his head.” <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>Do not let yourself be conquered by the evil, but keep conquering the evil with the good.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:17)</strong></a> Be obedient to those who are taking the lead among you and be submissive, for they are keeping watch over you* as those who will render an account, so that they may do this with joy and not with sighing, for this would be damaging to you.</p><p></p><p>Or “your souls.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 4:6)</strong></a> Now, brothers, these things I have applied* to myself and A·polʹlos for your good, that through us you may learn the rule: “Do not go beyond the things that are written,” so that you may not be puffed up with pride, favoring one against the other.</p><p></p><p>Or “transferred.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
