<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, January 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Thursday, January 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="themeScrp"><em>The holy ones in the earth, the majestic ones, bring me great delight.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 16:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">The psalmist David did not limit his circle of friends to just his peers. Can you recall the name of a “majestic” one who became his dear friend? His name was Jonathan. In fact, their friendship was one of the most beautiful recorded in the Scriptures. Did you know, however, that Jonathan was about 30 years older than David? What, then, was the basis for their friendship? Faith in God, mutual respect, and seeing each other’s courage as they fought God’s enemies. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Sam. 13:3;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 14:13;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 17:48-50;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 18:1</a>) Like David and Jonathan, we too find “great delight” in loving those who love Jehovah and who show their faith in him. Kiera, who has served God for years, says, “I’ve made friends with people from around the world, people of many different backgrounds and cultures.” When you broaden out in this way, you will see clear evidence of the uniting power of God’s Word and spirit. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>26 ¶11-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 16:3)</strong></a> And the holy ones in the earth, The majestic ones, bring me great delight.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 13:3)</strong></a> Then Jonʹa·than struck down the garrison of the Phi·lisʹtines that was in Geʹba, and the Phi·lisʹtines heard about it. And Saul had the horn blown throughout all the land, saying: “Let the Hebrews hear!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 14:13)</strong></a> And Jonʹa·than climbed up on his hands and feet, and his armor-bearer was behind him; and the Phi·lisʹtines began to fall before Jonʹa·than, and his armor-bearer was putting them to death behind him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 17:48-50)</strong></a> Then the Phi·lisʹtine rose and drew steadily closer to meet David, but David ran quickly toward the battle line to meet the Phi·lisʹtine. <strong><sup>49 </sup></strong>David thrust his hand into his bag and took a stone from there and slung it. He struck the Phi·lisʹtine in the forehead, and the stone sank into his forehead and he fell facedown on the ground. <strong><sup>50 </sup></strong>So David prevailed over the Phi·lisʹtine with a sling and a stone; he struck down the Phi·lisʹtine and put him to death, though there was no sword in David’s hand.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 18:1)</strong></a> As soon as David had finished speaking to Saul, Jonʹa·than and David became bound together in close friendship,* and Jonʹa·than began to love him as himself.*</p><p></p><p>Or “Jonathan’s soul became bound with David’s soul.”</p><p>Or “as his own soul.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
