<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, January 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Monday, January 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>The hour is coming when everyone who kills you will think he has offered a sacred service to God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 16:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">Jesus told the apostles of the trials that lay ahead of them. Then, pointing to his own example, he urged them to “take courage!” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 16:1-4a,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 33</a>) Many years later, Jesus’ disciples were still following his self-sacrificing course and displaying courage. At great cost to themselves, they supported one another in their various trials. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Heb. 10:33, 34</a>) Likewise today, we follow Jesus’ example of showing courage. For instance, it takes courage to assist our brothers who are persecuted because of their faith. At times, our brothers may be unjustly imprisoned. When that happens, we must do all that we can for them, including speaking up in their behalf. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Phil. 1:14;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Heb. 13:19</a>) Another way we show courage is by continuing to preach “with boldness.” (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Acts 14:3</a>) Like Jesus, we are determined to preach the Kingdom message, even though people may oppose and persecute us. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>22-23 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 16:2)</strong></a> Men will expel you from the synagogue. In fact, the hour is coming when everyone who kills you will think he has offered a sacred service to God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 16:1-4)</strong></a> “I have said these things to you so that you may not be stumbled. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>Men will expel you from the synagogue. In fact, the hour is coming when everyone who kills you will think he has offered a sacred service to God. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>But they will do these things because they have not come to know either the Father or me. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Nevertheless, I have told you these things so that when the hour for them to happen arrives, you will remember that I told them to you. “I did not tell you these things at first, because I was with you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 16:33)</strong></a> I have said these things to you so that by means of me you may have peace. In the world you will have tribulation, but take courage! I have conquered the world.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:33, 34)</strong></a> At times you were publicly exposed* both to reproaches and to tribulations, and at times you shared* with those who were having such an experience. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>For you expressed sympathy for those in prison and you accepted joyfully the plundering of your belongings, knowing that you yourselves have a better and an enduring possession.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “were exposed as in a theater.”</p><p>Or “stood side by side.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Phil. 1:14)</strong></a> Now most of the brothers in the Lord have gained confidence because of my prison bonds, and they are showing all the more courage to speak the word of God fearlessly.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:19)</strong></a> But I especially urge you to pray so that I may be restored to you the sooner.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Acts 14:3)</strong></a> So they spent considerable time speaking with boldness by the authority of Jehovah, who bore witness to the word of his undeserved kindness by allowing signs and wonders to be performed through them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
