<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, January 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020000"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20"><span id="page9" class="pageNum" data-no="9" data-before-text="9"></span>Tuesday, January 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class="themeScrp"><em>Let us consider one another so as to incite to love and fine works, not forsaking our meeting together, as some have the custom, but encouraging one another.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 10:24, 25</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">What can help you to give encouraging comments at the meetings? Most important is that you prepare for each meeting. When you plan ahead and prepare well, you will feel more confident about commenting. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 21:5</a>) What is involved in preparing well for the meeting? Begin each study session by asking Jehovah to give you holy spirit. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 11:13;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 1 John 5:14</a>) Then take a few minutes to look over the lesson. Analyze the title, subheadings, illustrations, and teaching boxes. As you now study each paragraph, read as many of the cited scriptures as you can. Meditate on the information, giving special attention to points you wish to comment on. The better you prepare, the more you will benefit and the easier it may be for you to comment.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Cor. 9:6</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>9 ¶6;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020000-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation2"> 11-12 ¶13-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:24, 25)</strong></a> And let us consider* one another so as to incite* to love and fine works, <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>not forsaking our meeting together, as some have the custom, but encouraging one another, and all the more so as you see the day drawing near.</p><p></p><p>Or “be concerned about; pay attention to.”</p><p>Or “motivate; stir up.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 21:5)</strong></a> The plans of the diligent surely lead to success,* But all who are hasty surely head for poverty.</p><p></p><p>Or “advantage.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 11:13)</strong></a> Therefore, if you, although being wicked, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more so will the Father in heaven give holy spirit to those asking him!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 John 5:14)</strong></a> And this is the confidence* that we have toward him, that no matter what we ask according to his will, he hears us.</p><p></p><p>Or “freeness of speech.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 9:6)</strong></a> But as to this, whoever sows sparingly will also reap sparingly, and whoever sows bountifully will also reap bountifully.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
