<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, October 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Sunday, October 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="themeScrp"><em>Let your love be without hypocrisy.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 12:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">An effective bait that Satan uses is curiosity about the occult. Today, he promotes interest in the demons not only through false religion but also through the entertainment industry. Movies, electronic games, and other media make spiritism seem exciting. How can we avoid being caught in this trap? We should not expect God’s organization to supply a list of acceptable and unacceptable entertainment. Each of us needs to train his own conscience to be in harmony with God’s standards. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 5:14</a>) However, we will make wise choices if we apply the apostle Paul’s inspired counsel above. We could ask ourselves: ‘Will my choice of entertainment make me seem hypocritical? If my Bible students or return visits saw the entertainment I choose, would they think that I practice what I preach?’ The more our speech and actions harmonize, the less likely we are to be caught in Satan’s snares.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 John 3:18</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>25 ¶13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:9)</strong></a> Let your love be without hypocrisy. Abhor what is wicked; cling to what is good.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 5:14)</strong></a> But solid food belongs to mature people, to those who through use have their powers of discernment* trained to distinguish both right and wrong.</p><p></p><p>Or “their perceptive powers.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 John 3:18)</strong></a> Little children, we should love, not in word or with the tongue, but in deed and truth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
