<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, October 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Thursday, October 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="themeScrp"><em>Take up the large shield of faith, with which you will be able to extinguish all the wicked one’s burning arrows.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 6:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">Some of the “burning arrows” that Satan might fire at you are lies about Jehovah​—that He does not care about you and that you are unlovable. Nineteen-year-old Ida struggles with feelings of unworthiness. She says, “I have often felt that Jehovah isn’t close to me and that he doesn’t want to be my Friend.” How does she deal with this attack? “The meetings are a giant boost to my faith,” says Ida. “I used to sit there and never comment, thinking that nobody would want to hear what I had to say. Now, though, I prepare for the meetings and try to answer two or three times.” Ida’s experience highlights an important truth: The literal shield given to a soldier had fixed dimensions, but the size of our shield of faith can either shrink or grow. It is up to us. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 14:31;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 2 Thess. 1:3</a>) How important it is that we build up our faith! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>29-30 ¶12-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:16)</strong></a> Besides all of this, take up the large shield of faith, with which you will be able to extinguish all the wicked one’s burning arrows.*</p><p></p><p>Or “missiles; darts.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 14:31)</strong></a> Immediately stretching out his hand, Jesus caught hold of him and said to him: “You with little faith, why did you give way to doubt?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Thess. 1:3)</strong></a> We are obligated always to give thanks to God for you, brothers. This is fitting, because your faith is growing exceedingly and the love of each and every one of you is increasing toward one another.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
