<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, October 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Thursday, October 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class="themeScrp"><em>The angel said to her: “Greetings, you highly favored one, Jehovah is with you.”​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 1:28</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">Did Jehovah continue to show Mary due recognition for faithfully caring for and raising his Son? Yes, he did. God had her actions and words recorded in the Bible. Apparently, Mary was not in a position to travel with Jesus during the three and a half years of his ministry. Perhaps as a widow, Mary had to stay in Nazareth. But even though she missed out on many privileges, she was able to be with Jesus at the time of his death. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 19:26</a>) Later, though, Mary was in Jerusalem along with the disciples during the days leading up to Pentecost when holy spirit was poured out. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 1:13, 14</a>) She was likely anointed along with the others present. If so, this would mean that she was given the opportunity to be in heaven with Jesus for all eternity. What a beautiful reward for her faithful service! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>9 ¶11;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation2"> 10 ¶14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 1:28)</strong></a> And coming in, the angel said to her: “Greetings, you highly favored one, Jehovah is with you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 19:26)</strong></a> So when Jesus saw his mother and the disciple whom he loved standing nearby, he said to his mother: “Woman, see! Your son!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 1:13, 14)</strong></a> When they arrived, they went up into the upper room where they were staying. There were Peter as well as John and James and Andrew, Philip and Thomas, Bar·tholʹo·mew and Matthew, James the son of Al·phaeʹus, and Simon the zealous one, and Judas the son of James. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>With one purpose all of these were persisting in prayer, together with some women and Mary the mother of Jesus and with his brothers.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
