<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, October 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Wednesday, October 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>Philip went down to the city of Samaria and began to preach the Christ to them.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 8:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">Philip the evangelizer provides a fine example of one who stayed focused on his ministry despite changing circumstances. In Jerusalem, a wave of persecution arose following the martyrdom of Stephen. At the time, Philip was enjoying a new privilege of service. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 6:1-6</a>) But when Christ’s followers were scattered, Philip could not just watch and do nothing. He went to preach in Samaria, a city that was largely untouched by the good news at that time. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 10:5;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Acts 8:1</a>) Philip was willing to go wherever God’s spirit would lead him, so Jehovah used him to open up new territories. His impartial approach was likely refreshing to the Samaritans, who were used to being treated with disdain by the Jews. Little wonder that crowds listened to him “with one accord”! (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Acts 8:6-8</a>) Philip stayed focused on his ministry, and as a result, he and his family were richly blessed by Jehovah.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Acts 21:8, 9</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.10 </em>30 ¶14-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 8:5)</strong></a> Now Philip went down to the city of Sa·marʹi·a and began to preach the Christ to them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 6:1-6)</strong></a> Now in those days when the disciples were increasing, the Greek-speaking Jews began complaining against the Hebrew-speaking Jews, because their widows were being overlooked in the daily distribution. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>So the Twelve called the multitude of the disciples together and said: “It is not right for us to leave the word of God to distribute food to tables. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>So, brothers, select for yourselves seven reputable men from among you, full of spirit and wisdom, that we may appoint them over this necessary matter; <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>but we will devote ourselves to prayer and to the ministry of the word.” <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>What they said was pleasing to the whole multitude, and they selected Stephen, a man full of faith and holy spirit, as well as Philip, Prochʹo·rus, Ni·caʹnor, Tiʹmon, Parʹme·nas, and Nic·o·laʹus, a proselyte of Antioch. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>They brought them to the apostles, and after praying, they laid their hands on them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 10:5)</strong></a> These 12 Jesus sent out, giving them these instructions: “Do not go off into the road of the nations, and do not enter any Sa·marʹi·tan city;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 8:1)</strong></a> Saul, for his part, approved of his murder. On that day great persecution arose against the congregation that was in Jerusalem; all except the apostles were scattered throughout the regions of Ju·deʹa and Sa·marʹi·a.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 8:6-8)</strong></a> The crowds with one accord were paying attention to what Philip said while they listened and observed the signs he was performing. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>For many had unclean spirits, and these would cry out with a loud voice and come out. Moreover, many who were paralyzed and lame were cured. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>So there came to be a great deal of joy in that city.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Acts 21:8, 9)</strong></a> The next day we left and came to Caes·a·reʹa, and we entered the house of Philip the evangelizer, who was one of the seven men, and we stayed with him. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>This man had four unmarried daughters who prophesied.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
