<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, October 31
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p92" data-pid="92">Saturday, October 31</h2>
</header>
<p id="p93" data-pid="93" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah’s spirit is upon me, because he anointed me to declare good news.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 4:18</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p94" data-pid="94" class="p94">Today, the vast majority of people are still blinded by the god of this system of things and are in bondage​—religious, economic, and social. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 4:4</a>) It is our privilege to follow Jesus’ example of helping people to come to know and worship Jehovah, the God of freedom. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 28:19, 20</a>) That is not an easy work, and there are many challenges. In some lands, people are becoming more indifferent, some even hostile. The question that each of us should consider is, ‘Can I use my freedom to give greater support to the Kingdom work?’ It is most encouraging to see that many have sensed the urgency of our times and have simplified their lives so as to share in the full-time ministry. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 9:19,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 23</a>) Some of them serve within their local territories; others move to where the need is greater. What a splendid result of making wise use of the freedom to serve Jehovah!​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Ps. 110:3</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>11-12 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p95" data-pid="95" class="p95"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 4:18)</strong></a> “Jehovah’s spirit is upon me, because he anointed me to declare good news to the poor. He sent me to proclaim liberty to the captives and a recovery of sight to the blind, to send the crushed ones away free,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 4:4)</strong></a> among whom the god of this system of things* has blinded the minds of the unbelievers, so that the illumination* of the glorious good news about the Christ, who is the image of God, might not shine through.</p><p></p><p>Or “this age.” See Glossary.</p><p>Or “light.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19, 20)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit, <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you. And look! I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 9:19)</strong></a> For though I am free from all people, I have made myself the slave to all, so that I may gain as many people as possible.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 9:23)</strong></a> But I do all things for the sake of the good news, in order to share it with others.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ps. 110:3)</strong></a> Your people will offer themselves willingly on the day of your military force.* In splendid holiness, from the womb of the dawn, You have your company of young men just like dewdrops.</p><p></p><p>Or “on the day your army mobilizes.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
