<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, October 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89"><span id="page108" class="pageNum" data-no="108" data-before-text="108"></span>Friday, October 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class="themeScrp"><em>What must I do to get saved?​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 16:30</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">The jailer had a change of heart and asked for help only <em>after </em>the earthquake struck. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 16:25-34</a>) Similarly, some individuals today who have not responded to the Bible’s message before may have a change of heart and look for help when their world is suddenly shaken by a seismic event. Perhaps they may have lost their longtime job unexpectedly and are left in shock. Others may be at a loss after being diagnosed with a serious illness, or they may be heartbroken after losing a loved one in death. They may ask questions about the meaning of life that at one time they ignored. Perhaps they even wonder, ‘What must I do to get saved?’ When we meet them, they may want to listen to our message of hope for the first time in their life. Therefore, by faithfully continuing in our preaching work, we make sure that we will be available to give comfort to people at a time when they may be ready to accept it.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 61:1</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>19-20 ¶10-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 16:30)</strong></a> He brought them outside and said: “Sirs, what must I do to get saved?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 16:25-34)</strong></a> But about the middle of the night, Paul and Silas were praying and praising God with song, and the prisoners were listening to them. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>Suddenly a great earthquake occurred, so that the foundations of the jail were shaken. Moreover, all the doors were instantly opened, and everyone’s bonds came loose. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>When the jailer woke up and saw that the prison doors were open, he drew his sword and was about to kill himself, assuming that the prisoners had escaped. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>But Paul called out with a loud voice: “Do not hurt yourself, for we are all here!” <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>So he asked for lights and rushed in, and seized with trembling, he fell down before Paul and Silas. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>He brought them outside and said: “Sirs, what must I do to get saved?” <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>They said: “Believe in the Lord Jesus, and you will get saved, you and your household.” <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>Then they spoke the word of Jehovah to him together with all those in his house. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>And he took them along in that hour of the night and washed their wounds. Then he and his entire household were baptized without delay. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>He brought them into his house and set a table before them, and he rejoiced greatly with all his household now that he had believed in God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 61:1)</strong></a> The spirit of the Sovereign Lord Jehovah is upon me, Because Jehovah anointed me to declare good news to the meek. He sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, To proclaim liberty to the captives And the wide opening of the eyes to the prisoners,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
