<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, October 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8"><span id="page99" class="pageNum" data-no="99" data-before-text="99"></span>Saturday, October 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class="themeScrp"><em>The man has become like one of us in knowing good and bad.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 3:22</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">When Adam and Eve ate the fruit from the tree of the knowledge of good and bad, they sent a clear message: They did not trust Jehovah and his standards. They chose to set their own standards of good and bad. But look at what they lost. They lost their friendship with Jehovah. They also lost the opportunity to live forever, and they passed sin and death on to their children. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 5:12</a>) Compare the way Adam and Eve behaved with the way that the Ethiopian eunuch responded when Philip preached to him. The eunuch appreciated so much what Jehovah and Jesus had done for him that he immediately got baptized. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 8:34-38</a>) When we dedicate ourselves to God and, like that eunuch, get baptized, we send a clear message. We show that we appreciate what Jehovah and Jesus have done for us. We also show that we trust Jehovah and recognize that he is the one who should set the standard of good and bad. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.03 </em>2 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:22)</strong></a> Jehovah God then said: “Here the man has become like one of us in knowing good and bad. Now in order that he may not put his hand out and take fruit also from the tree of life and eat and live forever,*—”</p><p></p><p>Or “to time indefinite.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 5:12)</strong></a> That is why, just as through one man sin entered into the world and death through sin, and so death spread to all men because they had all sinned—.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 8:34-38)</strong></a> The eunuch then said to Philip: “I beg you, about whom does the prophet say this? About himself or about some other man?” <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>Philip began to speak, and starting with this scripture, he declared to him the good news about Jesus. <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>Now as they were going along the road, they came to a body of water, and the eunuch said: “Look! Here is water; what prevents me from getting baptized?” <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>—— <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>With that he commanded the chariot to halt, and both Philip and the eunuch went down into the water, and he baptized him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
