<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, October 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17"><span id="page100" class="pageNum" data-no="100" data-before-text="100"></span>Tuesday, October 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>Let us always offer to God a sacrifice of praise.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 13:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">Jehovah knows that we have different abilities and circumstances, and he deeply appreciates the sacrifices we are able to offer to him. Think of the type of sacrifices that he accepted from the Israelites. Some Israelites were able to offer a lamb or a goat. But a poor Israelite might offer “two turtledoves or two young pigeons.” And if an Israelite could not afford two birds, Jehovah accepted “a tenth of an ephah of fine flour.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Lev. 5:7,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 11</a>) Flour was less expensive, but Jehovah still appreciated that sacrifice, as long as it was “fine flour.” Our kind God feels the same way today. When we give comments, he does not demand that all of us be as eloquent as Apollos or as persuasive as Paul. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 18:24;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 26:28</a>) All Jehovah wants is that we give the best comments we can​—within our limits. Remember the widow who offered the two small coins. She was precious to Jehovah because she gave the best she could.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Luke 21:1-4</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>8-9 ¶3-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:15)</strong></a> Through him let us always offer to God a sacrifice of praise, that is, the fruit of our lips that make public declaration to his name.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Lev. 5:7)</strong></a> “‘If, though, he cannot afford a sheep, he must bring to Jehovah two turtledoves or two young pigeons as his guilt offering for the sin, one for a sin offering and one for a burnt offering.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Lev. 5:11)</strong></a> “‘Now if he cannot afford two turtledoves or two young pigeons, he must bring as his offering for his sin a tenth of an eʹphah* of fine flour for a sin offering. He should not add oil to it or place frankincense on it, for it is a sin offering.</p><p></p><p>A tenth of an ephah equaled 2.2 L (2 dry qt). See App. B14.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 18:24)</strong></a> Now a Jew named A·polʹlos, a native of Alexandria, arrived in Ephʹe·sus; he was an eloquent man who was well-versed in the Scriptures.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 26:28)</strong></a> But A·gripʹpa said to Paul: “In a short time you would persuade me to become a Christian.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Luke 21:1-4)</strong></a> Now as he looked up, he saw the rich dropping their gifts into the treasury chests. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>Then he saw a needy widow drop in two small coins of very little value, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>and he said: “Truly I say to you that this poor widow put in more than they all did. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>For all of these put in gifts* out of their surplus, but she, out of her want,* put in all the means of living she had.”</p><p></p><p>Or “contributed to the gifts.”</p><p>Or “poverty.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
