<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, October 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47">Friday, October 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class="themeScrp"><em>Let each of us please his neighbor for his good, to build him up.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 15:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">Every one of Jehovah’s sheep is extremely precious to him and to Jesus, who provided the ransom sacrifice. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gal. 2:20</a>) We love our spiritual brothers and sisters dearly. And we want to care for them in a tender and loving way. In order to be a source of refreshment, “let us pursue the things making for peace and the things that build one another up.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 14:19</a>) How we all look forward to the time when, in the coming Paradise, we will never have reason to be discouraged! There will be no more sickness, wars, inherited death, persecution, domestic strife, and disappointments. When the Millennium is past, mankind will have reached perfection. Those who pass the final test will then be adopted as earthly sons of Jehovah God and have “the glorious freedom of the children of God.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rom. 8:21</a>) May we all keep displaying the love that builds up and helping one another to attain that joyful and rewarding goal. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>14 ¶10;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation2"> 16 ¶18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 15:2)</strong></a> Let each of us please his neighbor for his good, to build him up.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gal. 2:20)</strong></a> I am nailed to the stake along with Christ. It is no longer I who live, but it is Christ who is living in union with me. Indeed, the life that I now live in the flesh I live by faith in the Son of God, who loved me and handed himself over for me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 14:19)</strong></a> So, then, let us pursue the things making for peace and the things that build one another up.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:21)</strong></a> that* the creation itself will also be set free from enslavement to corruption and have the glorious freedom of the children of God.</p><p></p><p>Or “because.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
