<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, October 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71"><span id="page106" class="pageNum" data-no="106" data-before-text="106"></span>Saturday, October 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class="themeScrp"><em>Look out for the leaven of the Pharisees and the leaven of Herod.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Mark 8:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">Jesus emphatically warned his disciples to stay clear of the teachings, or leaven, that the Pharisees, Sadducees, and party followers of Herod advocated. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 16:6,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 12</a>) Interestingly, this conversation took place not long after the occasion when the people wanted to make Jesus king. When religion is mixed with politics, violence can easily erupt. Jesus taught his disciples that they must maintain neutrality in these circumstances. That is related to the reason why the chief priests and the Pharisees planned to kill Jesus. They saw him as a political and religious rival who threatened their position. “If we let him go on this way, they will all put faith in him, and the Romans will come and take away both our place and our nation,” they said. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">John 11:48</a>) Thus, High Priest Caiaphas took the lead in plotting Jesus’ death.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">John 11:49-53;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 18:14</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>6-7 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Mark 8:15)</strong></a> And he warned them in no uncertain terms: “Keep your eyes open; look out for the leaven of the Pharisees and the leaven of Herod.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 16:6)</strong></a> Jesus said to them: “Keep your eyes open and watch out for the leaven of the Pharisees and Sadducees.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 16:12)</strong></a> Then they grasped that he said to watch out, not for the leaven of bread, but for the teaching of the Pharisees and Sadducees.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 11:48)</strong></a> If we let him go on this way, they will all put faith in him, and the Romans will come and take away both our place and our nation.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 11:49-53)</strong></a> But one of them, Caʹia·phas, who was high priest that year, said to them: “You do not know anything at all, <strong><sup>50 </sup></strong>and you have not reasoned that it is to your benefit for one man to die in behalf of the people rather than for the whole nation to be destroyed.” <strong><sup>51 </sup></strong>He did not say this, however, of his own originality, but because he was high priest that year, he prophesied that Jesus was to die for the nation, <strong><sup>52 </sup></strong>and not only for the nation but also to gather together into one the children of God who were scattered about. <strong><sup>53 </sup></strong>So from that day on they conspired to kill him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(John 18:14)</strong></a> Caʹia·phas was, in fact, the one who had advised the Jews that it was to their benefit for one man to die in behalf of the people.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
