<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, October 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23">Thursday, October 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class="themeScrp"><em>Where the spirit of Jehovah is, there is freedom.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Cor. 3:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">Young ones, Jehovah loves freedom, and he put that love in your heart. At the same time, however, he wants you to use your freedom responsibly, which is a protection for you. Perhaps you know others who view pornography or who engage in sexual immorality, high-risk sports, or drug and alcohol abuse. To be sure, they may enjoy a few moments of excitement or pleasure. But often that comes at great cost, perhaps in the form of disease, addiction, or even death. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gal. 6:7, 8</a>) Yes, their “freedom” is a cruel self-deception. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Titus 3:3</a>) By comparison, how many people do you know who became sick <em>because </em>they adhered to Bible standards? Clearly, obedience to Jehovah is both healthful and liberating. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 19:7-11</a>) What is more, when you use your freedom wisely​—that is, within the bounds of God’s perfect laws and principles—​you show God, as well as your parents, that you can be trusted with more freedom.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Rom. 8:21</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>22-23 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 3:17)</strong></a> Now Jehovah* is the Spirit, and where the spirit of Jehovah* is, there is freedom.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:7, 8)</strong></a> Do not be misled: God is not one to be mocked. For whatever a person is sowing, this he will also reap; <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>because the one sowing with a view to his flesh will reap corruption from his flesh, but the one sowing with a view to the spirit will reap everlasting life from the spirit.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Titus 3:3)</strong></a> For we too were once senseless, disobedient, led astray, being slaves to various desires and pleasures, carrying on in badness and envy, detestable, hating one another.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 19:7-11)</strong></a> The law of Jehovah is perfect, restoring strength.* The reminder of Jehovah is trustworthy, making the inexperienced one wise.  <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>The orders from Jehovah are righteous, causing the heart to rejoice; The commandment of Jehovah is clean, making the eyes shine.  <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>The fear of Jehovah is pure, lasting forever. The judgments of Jehovah are true, altogether righteous. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>They are more desirable than gold, Than much fine* gold, And sweeter than honey, the honey that drips from the combs. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>By them your servant has been warned; In keeping them, there is a large reward.</p><p></p><p>Or “restoring (bringing back) the soul.”</p><p>Or “refined.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:21)</strong></a> that* the creation itself will also be set free from enslavement to corruption and have the glorious freedom of the children of God.</p><p></p><p>Or “because.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
