<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, October 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Friday, October 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp"><em>Do all things for God’s glory.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 10:31</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">Throughout his ministry, Jesus taught basic truths to help his disciples recognize the consequences of certain attitudes or actions. For example, he taught that resentment can lead to violence and that lust can lead to adultery. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 5:21, 22,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 27, 28</a>) To help us have a conscience that is properly trained, we should let godly principles guide us and thus bring glory to God. On certain matters, two different Christians with Bible-trained consciences might come to opposite conclusions. Consider the use of alcoholic beverages. The Bible does not condemn the moderate use of alcohol. It does, however, warn against the excessive use of alcohol, as well as drunkenness. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Prov. 20:1;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 1 Tim. 3:8</a>) Does this mean that a Christian has no other factors to consider as long as his use of alcohol is moderate? Not at all. While he may be at peace with his own conscience, the Christian must also consider the conscience of others. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>18 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 10:31)</strong></a> Therefore, whether you are eating or drinking or doing anything else, do all things for God’s glory.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:21, 22)</strong></a> “You heard that it was said to those of ancient times: ‘You must not murder, but whoever commits a murder will be accountable to the court of justice.’ <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>However, I say to you that everyone who continues wrathful with his brother will be accountable to the court of justice; and whoever addresses his brother with an unspeakable word of contempt will be accountable to the Supreme Court; whereas whoever says, ‘You despicable fool!’ will be liable to the fiery Ge·henʹna.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:27, 28)</strong></a> “You heard that it was said: ‘You must not commit adultery.’ <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>But I say to you that everyone who keeps on looking at a woman so as to have a passion for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 20:1)</strong></a> Wine is a ridiculer, alcohol is unruly; Whoever goes astray by them is not wise.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 3:8)</strong></a> Ministerial servants should likewise be serious, not double-tongued,* not indulging in a lot of wine, not greedy of dishonest gain,</p><p></p><p>Or “not deceitful in speech.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
