<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, October 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Monday, October 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class="themeScrp"><em>The goodwill of my heart and my supplication to God for them are indeed for their salvation.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 10:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">How can we imitate Paul? First, we strive to maintain a heartfelt desire to find any who might be “rightly disposed for everlasting life.” Second, we supplicate Jehovah in prayer to open the heart of sincere ones. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 13:48;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 16:14</a>) Silvana, a pioneer for nearly 30 years, says, “Before I go to a house in my territory, I pray to Jehovah, asking him to give me a positive attitude.” We also pray to God that angels may direct us to find honesthearted ones. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 10:11-13;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Rev. 14:6</a>) Notes Robert, a pioneer for over 30 years, “To work along with angels who know what is going on in the householders’ lives is exciting.” Third, we try to see a potential for good in people. Says Carl, an elder, “I look for any small sign that may reveal a person’s sincerity, perhaps a smile, a kind look, or an honest question.” Yes, like Paul, we can endure in bearing fruit. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>15 ¶13;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation2"> 16 ¶15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 10:1)</strong></a> Brothers, the goodwill of my heart and my supplication to God for them are indeed for their salvation.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 13:48)</strong></a> When those of the nations heard this, they began to rejoice and to glorify the word of Jehovah, and all those who were rightly disposed for everlasting life became believers.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 16:14)</strong></a> And a woman named Lydʹi·a, a seller of purple from the city of Thy·a·tiʹra and a worshipper of God, was listening, and Jehovah opened her heart wide to pay attention to the things Paul was saying.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 10:11-13)</strong></a> “Into whatever city or village you enter, search out who in it is deserving, and stay there until you leave. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>When you enter the house, greet the household. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>If the house is deserving, let the peace you wish it come upon it; but if it is not deserving, let the peace from you return upon you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rev. 14:6)</strong></a> And I saw another angel flying in midheaven,* and he had everlasting good news to declare to those who dwell on the earth, to every nation and tribe and tongue* and people.</p><p></p><p>Or “in midair; overhead.”</p><p>Or “language.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
