<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, October 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Wednesday, October 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class="themeScrp">[<em>The king</em>] <em>should </em>[<em>not</em>] <em>take many wives for himself, so that his heart </em>[<em>might</em>] <em>not go astray.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Deut. 17:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">Solomon disobeyed, eventually marrying 700 women. He brought into his household an additional 300 concubines. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Ki. 11:3</a>) Many of his wives were non-Israelites, who worshipped false gods. Hence, Solomon also disobeyed God’s law against marrying foreign women. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Deut. 7:3, 4</a>) Solomon’s gradual departure from Jehovah’s requirements led him in time to extreme wrongdoing. Solomon built an altar to the idol goddess Ashtoreth and at least one other altar to the false god Chemosh. There he joined his wives in pagan worship. He built those altars on, of all places, a mountain located directly in front of Jerusalem, where he had built Jehovah’s temple! (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Ki. 11:5-8;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 2 Ki. 23:13</a>) Perhaps Solomon fooled himself into thinking that Jehovah would overlook his disobedience as long as he also continued to offer sacrifices at the temple. But Jehovah never overlooks wrongdoing. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>18-19 ¶7-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Deut. 17:17)</strong></a> Neither should he take many wives for himself, so that his heart may not go astray; nor should he acquire vast amounts of silver and gold for himself.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 11:3)</strong></a> And he had 700 wives who were princesses and 300 concubines, and his wives gradually inclined his heart.*</p><p></p><p>Or “his wives had a powerful influence over him.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Deut. 7:3, 4)</strong></a> You must not form any marriage alliances* with them. Do not give your daughters to their sons or take their daughters for your sons. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>For they will turn your sons away from following me to serve other gods; then Jehovah’s anger will blaze against you, and he will swiftly annihilate you.</p><p></p><p>Or “not intermarry.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 11:5-8)</strong></a> And Solʹo·mon followed after Ashʹto·reth, the goddess of the Si·doʹni·ans, and Milʹcom, the disgusting god of the Amʹmon·ites. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>And Solʹo·mon did what was bad in the eyes of Jehovah, and he did not follow Jehovah completely* as David his father had done. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>It was then that Solʹo·mon built a high place to Cheʹmosh, the disgusting god of Moʹab, on the mountain in front of Jerusalem and to Moʹlech, the disgusting god of the Amʹmon·ites. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>That was what he did for all his foreign wives who were making sacrificial smoke and sacrificing to their gods.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “fully.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Ki. 23:13)</strong></a> And the king made unfit for worship the high places in front of Jerusalem that were to the south* of the Mount of Ruination,* which Solʹo·mon the king of Israel had built to Ashʹto·reth the disgusting goddess of the Si·doʹni·ans; and to Cheʹmosh the disgusting god of Moʹab; and to Milʹcom the detestable god of the Amʹmon·ites.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “right.” That is, south, when one faces east.</p><p>That is, the Mount of Olives, particularly the southern extremity also known as the Mount of Offense.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
