<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, October 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Sunday, October 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class="themeScrp"><em>I will not renounce my integrity!​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Job 27:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">When applied to us as servants of God, integrity means wholehearted love for and unbreakable devotion to Jehovah as a Person, so that his will comes first in all our decisions. One basic meaning of the Bible word for “integrity” is this: complete, sound, or whole. For example, the animals sacrificed to Jehovah had to be sound. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Lev. 22:21, 22</a>) God’s people were not allowed to offer up an animal that was missing a leg, an ear, or an eye; nor could they offer one full of disease. It was important to Jehovah that the animal be complete, sound, or whole. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Mal. 1:6-9</a>) We can understand why Jehovah cares about soundness or completeness. When we purchase something, whether a piece of fruit, a book, or a tool, we do not want one that has gaping holes or parts missing. We want one that is complete, sound, or whole. Jehovah feels similarly when it comes to our love for him, our loyalty. It must be complete, sound, or whole. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>3 ¶3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Job 27:5)</strong></a> It is unthinkable for me to declare you men righteous! Until I die, I will not renounce* my integrity!</p><p></p><p>Or “I will not take away from myself; I will maintain.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Lev. 22:21, 22)</strong></a> “‘If a man presents a communion sacrifice to Jehovah to pay a vow or as a voluntary offering, it should be a sound animal from the herd or the flock, in order to gain approval. No defect at all should be in it. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>No offering should be blind, have a fracture, a cut, a wart, scabbiness, or ringworm; you must not present any of these to Jehovah or make such an offering on the altar for Jehovah.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Mal. 1:6-9)</strong></a> “‘A son honors a father, and a servant his master. So if I am a father, where is the honor due me? And if I am a master,* where is the fear* due me?’ Jehovah of armies says to you priests who are despising my name. “‘But you say: “How have we despised your name?”’ <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>“‘By presenting polluted food* on my altar.’ “‘And you say: “How have we polluted you?”’ “‘By saying: “The table of Jehovah is something to be despised.” <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>And when you present a blind animal as a sacrifice, you say: “It is nothing bad.” And when you present a lame animal or a sick one: “It is nothing bad.”’” “Try presenting them, please, to your governor. Will he be pleased with you or receive you with favor?” says Jehovah of armies. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>“And now, please, appeal to* God, that he may show us favor. With such offerings from your own hand, will he receive any of you with favor?” says Jehovah of armies.</p><p></p><p>Or “grand master.”</p><p>Or “respect.”</p><p>Lit., “bread.”</p><p>Or “soften the face of.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
