<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, October 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Wednesday, October 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class="themeScrp"><em>You will be hated by all people on account of my name.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 10:22</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">As Christ’s followers, we expect to be hated. Jesus foretold that his disciples would be severely persecuted during the last days. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 24:9;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> John 15:20</a>) Isaiah’s prophecy forewarns us that our enemies will do more than hate us; they will use various weapons against us. Those weapons have included subtle deception, blatant lies, and brutal persecution. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 5:11</a>) Jehovah will not stop our enemies from using these weapons to wage war against us. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Eph. 6:12;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Rev. 12:17</a>) But we do not need to be afraid. Jehovah said that “no weapon” used against us would “have <em>any </em>success.” (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Isa. 54:17</a>) Just as a wall protects us from the force of a destructive rainstorm, so Jehovah protects us against “the blast of the tyrants.” (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Isa. 25:4, 5</a>) Our enemies will never succeed in causing us any lasting harm. (<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">Isa. 65:17</a>) All enemies of God’s people “will be brought to nothing and perish.”​—<span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10">Isa. 41:11, 12</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>6-7 ¶13-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 10:22)</strong></a> And you will be hated by all people on account of my name, but the one who has endured* to the end will be saved.</p><p></p><p>Or “who endures.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:9)</strong></a> “Then people will hand you over to tribulation and will kill you, and you will be hated by all the nations on account of my name.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 15:20)</strong></a> Keep in mind the word I said to you: A slave is not greater than his master. If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you; if they have observed my word, they will also observe yours.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:11)</strong></a> “Happy are you when people reproach* you and persecute you and lyingly say every sort of wicked thing against you for my sake.</p><p></p><p>Or “insult.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:12)</strong></a> because we have a struggle,* not against blood and flesh, but against the governments, against the authorities, against the world rulers of this darkness, against the wicked spirit forces in the heavenly places.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “wrestling.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rev. 12:17)</strong></a> So the dragon became enraged at the woman and went off to wage war with the remaining ones of her offspring,* who observe the commandments of God and have the work of bearing witness concerning Jesus.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Isa. 54:17)</strong></a> No weapon formed against you will have any success, And you will condemn any tongue that rises up against you in the judgment. This is the heritage* of the servants of Jehovah, And their righteousness is from me,” declares Jehovah.</p><p></p><p>Or “inheritance.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Isa. 25:4, 5)</strong></a> For you have become a stronghold to the lowly, A stronghold to the poor in his distress, A refuge from the rainstorm, And a shade from the heat. When the blast of the tyrants is like a rainstorm against a wall,  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>As the heat in a parched land, You subdue the uproar of strangers. Like heat is subdued by the shadow of a cloud, So the song of the tyrants is silenced.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Isa. 65:17)</strong></a> For look! I am creating new heavens and a new earth; And the former things will not be called to mind,* Nor will they come up into the heart.</p><p></p><p>Or “be remembered.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(Isa. 41:11, 12)</strong></a> Look! All those getting enraged against you will be put to shame and humiliated. Those who fight with you will be brought to nothing and perish. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>You will search for men who struggle with you, but you will not find them; The men at war with you will become as something nonexistent, as nothing at all.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
