<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, October 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62"><span id="page105" class="pageNum" data-no="105" data-before-text="105"></span>Wednesday, October 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>Keep this mental attitude in you that was also in Christ Jesus . . . He emptied himself and took a slave’s form.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 2:5,</a></em><span id="citationsource2"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2"> 7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">True Christians imitate the Christ, who provided us with the perfect example of how a human can be generous. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 20:28</a>) Each of us would do well to ask, ‘Can I follow Jesus’ example even more closely than I am already doing?’ (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Pet. 2:21</a>) We can enjoy Jehovah’s favor by imitating his and Christ’s perfect examples, by being interested in the welfare of others, and by looking for ways to care for their needs. Indeed, in the parable of the neighborly Samaritan, Jesus made clear that he expected his followers to go out of their way to help others, even those of a different background. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Luke 10:29-37</a>) Do you recall the question that moved Jesus to recount the parable of the neighborly Samaritan? A Jew asked him: “Who really is my neighbor?” Jesus’ answer shows that like the Samaritan we must be willing to give generously if we are to enjoy God’s favor. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>19 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:5)</strong></a> Keep this mental attitude in you that was also in Christ Jesus,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:7)</strong></a> No, but he emptied himself and took a slave’s form and became human.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “came to be in the likeness of men.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 20:28)</strong></a> Just as the Son of man came, not to be ministered to, but to minister and to give his life as a ransom in exchange for many.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:21)</strong></a> In fact, to this course you were called, because even Christ suffered for you, leaving a model for you to follow his steps closely.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Luke 10:29-37)</strong></a> But wanting to prove himself righteous, the man said to Jesus: “Who really is my neighbor?” <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>In reply Jesus said: “A man was going down from Jerusalem to Jerʹi·cho and fell victim to robbers, who stripped him, beat him, and went off, leaving him half-dead. <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>Now by coincidence a priest was going down on that road, but when he saw him, he passed by on the opposite side. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>Likewise, a Levite, when he came to the place and saw him, passed by on the opposite side. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>But a certain Sa·marʹi·tan traveling the road came upon him, and at seeing him, he was moved with pity. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>So he approached him and bandaged his wounds, pouring oil and wine on them. Then he mounted him on his own animal and brought him to an inn and took care of him. <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>The next day he took out two de·narʹi·i, gave them to the innkeeper, and said: ‘Take care of him, and whatever you spend besides this, I will repay you when I return.’ <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>Who of these three seems to you to have made himself neighbor to the man who fell victim to the robbers?” <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>He said: “The one who acted mercifully toward him.” Jesus then said to him: “Go and do the same yourself.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
