<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, October 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Sunday, October 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class="themeScrp">[<em>God’s</em>] <em>will is that all sorts of people should be saved and come to an accurate knowledge of truth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Tim. 2:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">What is your view of the many sorts of people who have yet to learn the truth? Although the apostle Paul searched in synagogues for those who already knew something about God, he certainly did not restrict his efforts to Jewish people. On Paul’s first missionary journey, for instance, the Lycaonian people mistook him and Barnabas for superheroes​—as incarnations of their false gods Zeus and Hermes. Were Paul and Barnabas tempted to ride the wave of popularity? Would that seem to be a refreshing break from all the persecution they had experienced in the last two cities they visited? Did they imagine that the publicity could help to advance the good news? Not at all! They immediately protested by ripping their garments and leaping into the crowd, crying out: “Why are you doing these things? We too are humans having the same infirmities as you have.”​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 14:8-15</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>4-5 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 2:4)</strong></a> whose will is that all sorts of people should be saved and come to an accurate knowledge of truth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 14:8-15)</strong></a> Now in Lysʹtra there was a man sitting down whose feet were crippled. He was lame from birth and had never walked. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>This man was listening to Paul as he was speaking. Paul, looking intently at him and seeing that he had faith to be made well,* <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>said with a loud voice: “Stand up on your feet.” So the man leaped up and began walking. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>When the crowds saw what Paul had done, they cried out in the Lyc·a·oʹni·an language: “The gods have become like humans and have come down to us!” <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>And they started calling Barʹna·bas Zeus, but Paul Herʹmes, since he was taking the lead in speaking. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>And the priest of Zeus, whose temple was at the entrance of the city,* brought bulls and garlands to the gates and wanted to offer sacrifices with the crowds. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>However, when the apostles Barʹna·bas and Paul heard of it, they ripped their garments and leaped out into the crowd and cried out: <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>“Men, why are you doing these things? We too are humans having the same infirmities as you have. And we are declaring the good news to you, for you to turn from these vain things to the living God, who made the heaven and the earth and the sea and all the things in them.</p><p></p><p>Or “to be saved.”</p><p>Or “whose temple was located just outside the city.” Lit., “the (one) being before the city.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
