<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, October 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26"><span id="page101" class="pageNum" data-no="101" data-before-text="101"></span>Friday, October 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="themeScrp"><em>A man will leave his father and his mother and he will stick to his wife, and they will become one flesh.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 2:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">Adam’s sin brought changes. One was death, which would affect marriage. We can see that from what the apostle Paul wrote when explaining that Christians are not under the Mosaic Law. He revealed that death ends a marriage and that the surviving mate can thereafter remarry. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 7:1-3</a>) The Law that God gave to the nation of Israel provided details about marriage. It allowed for polygamy, a practice that existed even before God gave Israel the Law. However, polygamy was regulated, prohibiting abuses. For example, if an Israelite married a slave and later took a second wife, he could not diminish his first wife’s food, clothing, and marital due. God required that he protect and care for her. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ex. 21:9, 10</a>) We are not under the Law, but we can still see from it Jehovah’s interest in marriage. Does that not help you to esteem marriage? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>10 ¶3;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation2"> 11 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 2:24)</strong></a> That is why a man will leave his father and his mother and he will stick to* his wife, and they will become one flesh.</p><p></p><p>Or “remain with.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 7:1-3)</strong></a> Can it be that you do not know, brothers, (for I am speaking to those who know law) that the Law is master over a man as long as he lives? <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>For instance, a married woman* is bound by law to her husband while he is alive; but if her husband dies, she is released from the law of her husband. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>So, then, while her husband is living, she would be called an adulteress if she became another man’s. But if her husband dies, she is free from his law, so that she is not an adulteress if she becomes another man’s.</p><p></p><p>Or “a woman subject to a husband.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ex. 21:9, 10)</strong></a> If he selects her for his son, he is to grant her the rights of a daughter. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>If he takes another wife for himself, the sustenance, the clothing, and the marriage due of the first wife are not to be diminished.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
