<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, October 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page98" class="pageNum" data-no="98" data-before-text="98"></span><strong>October</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Thursday, October 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp"><em>Weep with those who weep.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 12:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">We cannot read hearts as Jehovah and Jesus do. Even so, we can try to understand the emotions and needs of others. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 11:29</a>) Unlike the selfish world around us, we strive to “look out not only for [our] own interests, but also for the interests of others.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Phil. 2:4</a>) Congregation elders in particular need to show fellow feeling. They know that they are accountable for the sheep entrusted to their care. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Heb. 13:17</a>) To help their fellow believers, elders need to be understanding. How can elders demonstrate fellow feeling? A sympathetic elder spends time with his Christian brothers and sisters. He asks questions and then listens attentively and patiently. That is especially important if one of these dear sheep wants to pour out his heart but struggles to find the right words. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Prov. 20:5</a>) By willingly giving of his time, an elder forms strong bonds of trust, friendship, and love with his brothers.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Acts 20:37</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.03 </em>17 ¶14-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:15)</strong></a> Rejoice with those who rejoice; weep with those who weep.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 11:29)</strong></a> Who is weak, and I am not weak? Who is stumbled, and I am not incensed?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:4)</strong></a> as you look out not only for your own interests, but also for the interests of others.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:17)</strong></a> Be obedient to those who are taking the lead among you and be submissive, for they are keeping watch over you* as those who will render an account, so that they may do this with joy and not with sighing, for this would be damaging to you.</p><p></p><p>Or “your souls.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Prov. 20:5)</strong></a> The thoughts* of a man’s heart are like deep waters, But the discerning man draws them out.</p><p></p><p>Or “intentions.” Lit., “counsel.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Acts 20:37)</strong></a> Indeed, quite a bit of weeping broke out among them all, and they embraced Paul and affectionately kissed him,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
