<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, October 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Monday, October 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class="themeScrp"><em>Whoever trusts in his own heart is stupid.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 28:26</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Leaning too heavily on our own understanding can become a snare. We may begin to feel that we can look at a situation and understand it even though we do not have all the facts. Also, a challenge to evaluating matters accurately may be faced when we have a personality conflict with a brother in the congregation. If we constantly dwell on our differences, we may begin to look at our brother with a measure of suspicion. Thus, if we hear a negative report about this brother, we may be eager to believe it. What is the lesson? Harboring ill feelings toward our brothers can lead to distorted judgments that are not based on the facts. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Tim. 6:4, 5</a>) We can prevent our judgment from becoming clouded by refusing to allow envy and jealousy to take root in our hearts. Instead of giving in to such bad feelings, may we recognize our obligation to love our brothers and freely forgive them from the heart.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Col. 3:12-14</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>6 ¶15;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation2"> 7 ¶18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 28:26)</strong></a> Whoever trusts in his own heart is stupid, But the one who walks in wisdom will escape.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 6:4, 5)</strong></a> he is puffed up with pride and does not understand anything. He is obsessed* with arguments and debates about words. These things give rise to envy, strife, slander,* wicked suspicions, <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>constant disputes about minor matters by men who are corrupted in mind and deprived of the truth, thinking that godly devotion is a means of gain.</p><p></p><p>Or “has an unhealthy fascination.”</p><p>Or “abusive speeches.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Col. 3:12-14)</strong></a> Accordingly, as God’s chosen ones, holy and loved, clothe yourselves with the tender affections of compassion, kindness, humility,* mildness, and patience. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Continue putting up with one another and forgiving one another freely even if anyone has a cause for complaint against another. Just as Jehovah* freely forgave you, you must also do the same. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>But besides all these things, clothe yourselves with love, for it is a perfect bond of union.</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
