<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, October 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53"><span id="page104" class="pageNum" data-no="104" data-before-text="104"></span>Sunday, October 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class="themeScrp"><em>We are God’s fellow workers.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 3:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">In the first century C.E., Paul referred to himself and certain close associates as “God’s fellow workers” because of their role in planting and watering the seed of Kingdom truth. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 3:6</a>) Today, we too can be “God’s fellow workers” by generously giving of our time, resources, and energy to the divinely commissioned preaching work. What a tremendous privilege this is! Being generous with our time and energy in the preaching and disciple-making work brings great joy. Many who have had the privilege of conducting progressive Bible studies will tell you that few things are more rewarding. Great happiness comes from seeing appreciative individuals light up when they grasp spiritual truths, grow in faith, make changes, and start sharing the truth with others. Jesus also experienced great happiness when the 70 preachers whom he had sent out to the field “returned with joy” because of the favorable results they had experienced.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 10:17-21</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>20 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 3:9)</strong></a> For we are God’s fellow workers. You are God’s field under cultivation, God’s building.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 3:6)</strong></a> I planted, A·polʹlos watered, but God kept making it grow,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 10:17-21)</strong></a> Then the 70 returned with joy, saying: “Lord,* even the demons are made subject to us by the use of your name.” <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>At that he said to them: “I see Satan already fallen like lightning from heaven. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Look! I have given you the authority to trample underfoot serpents and scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy, and nothing at all will harm you. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>Nevertheless, do not rejoice because the spirits are made subject to you, but rejoice because your names have been written in the heavens.” <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>In that very hour he became overjoyed in the holy spirit and said: “I publicly praise you, Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because you have carefully hidden these things from wise and intellectual ones and have revealed them to young children. Yes, O Father, because this is the way you approved.</p><p></p><p>Or “Master.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
