<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, October 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Tuesday, October 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>To Jehovah . . . belong the heavens . . . and the earth with all that is in it.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Deut. 10:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">By reason of their very existence, all humans belong to Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 100:3;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Rev. 4:11</a>) Yet, throughout human history, God has designated specific groups of people as belonging to him in a special way. For example, <span id="citationsource4"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted20.xhtml#citation4">Psalm 135</a> refers to faithful worshippers of Jehovah in ancient Israel as “his special property.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 135:4</a>) Also, the book of Hosea foretold that some non-Israelites would become Jehovah’s people. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Hos. 2:23</a>) Hosea’s prophecy was fulfilled when Jehovah included non-Jews in his selection of prospective corulers with Christ. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Acts 10:45;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> Rom. 9:23-26</a>) This “holy nation” is Jehovah’s “special possession” in an outstanding way, its members having been anointed with holy spirit and chosen for life in heaven. (<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">1 Pet. 2:9, 10</a>) What about the majority of faithful Christians today who have an earthly hope? Jehovah also calls them his “people” and his “chosen ones.”​—<span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10">Isa. 65:22</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>22 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Deut. 10:14)</strong></a> Look, to Jehovah your God belong the heavens, even the heavens of the heavens,* and the earth with all that is in it.</p><p></p><p>Or “the highest heavens.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 100:3)</strong></a> Know* that Jehovah is God. He is the one who made us, and we belong to him.* We are his people and the sheep of his pasture.</p><p></p><p>Or “Acknowledge.”</p><p>Or possibly, “and not we ourselves.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 4:11)</strong></a> “You are worthy, Jehovah* our God, to receive the glory and the honor and the power, because you created all things, and because of your will they came into existence and were created.”</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 135:4)</strong></a> For Jah has chosen Jacob for himself, Israel for his special property.*</p><p></p><p>Or “treasured possession.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Hos. 2:23)</strong></a> I will sow her like seed for myself in the earth, And I will show mercy to her who was not shown mercy;* I will say to those not my people:* “You are my people,” And they will say: “You are my God.”’”</p><p></p><p>See Ho 1:6 ftn.</p><p>See Ho 1:9 ftn.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Acts 10:45)</strong></a> And the circumcised believers who had come with Peter were amazed, because the free gift of the holy spirit was being poured out also on people of the nations.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Rom. 9:23-26)</strong></a> And if this was done to make known the riches of his glory on vessels of mercy, which he prepared beforehand for glory, <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>namely, us, whom he called not only from among Jews but also from among nations, what of it? <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>It is as he says also in Ho·seʹa: “Those not my people I will call ‘my people,’ and her who was not loved, ‘beloved’; <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>and in the place where it was said to them, ‘You are not my people,’ there they will be called ‘sons of the living God.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:9, 10)</strong></a> But you are “a chosen race, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a people for special possession, that you should declare abroad the excellencies”* of the One who called you out of darkness into his wonderful light. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>For you were once not a people, but now you are God’s people; once you had not been shown mercy, but now you have received mercy.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the virtues,” that is, his praiseworthy qualities and deeds.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(Isa. 65:22)</strong></a> They will not build for someone else to inhabit, Nor will they plant for others to eat. For the days of my people will be like the days of a tree, And the work of their hands my chosen ones will enjoy to the full.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
