<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, October 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44"><span id="page103" class="pageNum" data-no="103" data-before-text="103"></span>Thursday, October 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class="themeScrp"><em>Let us consider one another so as to incite to love and fine works.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 10:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">One time when Jesus was in the Decapolis region, people “brought him a deaf man with a speech impediment.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Mark 7:31-35</a>) Instead of healing him in public, Jesus “took him aside” and healed him. Why? The man’s disabilities may have made him feel uncomfortable in a crowd. Perhaps sensing this, Jesus healed him in private. Of course, we cannot perform miraculous cures. But we can​—and should—​show thoughtful regard for the needs and feelings of our fellow worshippers. Jesus understood how the deaf man felt and treated him thoughtfully. Likewise, we should show consideration for the elderly and the infirm. The Christian congregation is marked, not by mere efficiency, but by love. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 13:34, 35</a>) That love moves us to go out of our way to help older ones and those with disabilities to attend Christian meetings and to preach the good news. That is so even if what they can do is limited.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 13:23</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>29-30 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:24)</strong></a> And let us consider* one another so as to incite* to love and fine works,</p><p></p><p>Or “be concerned about; pay attention to.”</p><p>Or “motivate; stir up.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Mark 7:31-35)</strong></a> When Jesus returned from the region of Tyre, he went through Siʹdon to the Sea of Galʹi·lee, through the region of De·capʹo·lis. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>Here they brought him a deaf man with a speech impediment, and they pleaded with him to lay his hand on him. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>And he took him aside privately, away from the crowd. Then he put his fingers into the man’s ears, and after spitting, he touched his tongue. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>And looking up into heaven, he sighed deeply and said to him: <em>“Ephʹpha·tha,” </em>that is, “Be opened.” <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>At this his ears were opened, and his speech impediment was removed, and he began speaking normally.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 13:34, 35)</strong></a> I am giving you a new commandment, that you love one another; just as I have loved you, you also love one another. <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>By this all will know that you are my disciples—if you have love among yourselves.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 13:23)</strong></a> As for the one sown upon the fine soil, this is the one hearing the word and getting the sense of it, who really does bear fruit and produces, this one 100 times more, that one 60, the other 30.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
