<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, October 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020009"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35"><span id="page102" class="pageNum" data-no="102" data-before-text="102"></span>Monday, October 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class="themeScrp"><em>Do you not know that unrighteous people will not inherit God’s Kingdom? . . . And yet that is what some of you were. But you have been washed clean; . . . you have been declared righteous.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 6:9,</a></em><span id="citationsource2"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2"> 11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">To accept the truth and live by the Bible’s moral standards, we must be willing to make changes in our thinking and conduct. Note what Peter wrote regarding these adjustments: “As obedient children, stop being molded by the desires you formerly had in your ignorance, but . . . become holy yourselves in all your conduct.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Pet. 1:14, 15</a>) For people in the morally corrupt city of Corinth, buying truth meant making major changes in their lifestyle. Likewise, to be able to buy truth, many today have turned their back on ungodly conduct. Peter further reminded Christians in his day: “The time that has passed by is sufficient for you to have done the will of the nations when you carried on in acts of brazen conduct, unbridled passions, overdrinking, wild parties, drinking bouts, and lawless idolatries.”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Pet. 4:3</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020009-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>6 ¶13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 6:9)</strong></a> Or do you not know that unrighteous people will not inherit God’s Kingdom? Do not be misled.* Those who are sexually immoral,* idolaters, adulterers, men who submit to homosexual acts, men who practice homosexuality,*</p><p></p><p>Or “deceived.”</p><p>See Glossary, “Sexual immorality.”</p><p>Or “men who have sex with men.” Lit., “men who lie with men.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 6:11)</strong></a> And yet that is what some of you were. But you have been washed clean; you have been sanctified; you have been declared righteous in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and with the spirit of our God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 1:14, 15)</strong></a> As obedient children, stop being molded by* the desires you formerly had in your ignorance, <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>but like the Holy One who called you, become holy yourselves in all your conduct,</p><p></p><p>Or “fashioned after.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 4:3)</strong></a> For the time that has passed by is sufficient for you to have done the will of the nations when you carried on in acts of brazen conduct,* unbridled passions, overdrinking, wild parties,* drinking bouts, and lawless idolatries.</p><p></p><p>Or “acts of shameless conduct.” Plural of the Greek <em>a·selʹgei·a. </em>See Glossary.</p><p>Or “revelries.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
