<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, November 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86"><span id="page118" class="pageNum" data-no="118" data-before-text="118"></span>Sunday, November 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="themeScrp"><em>Praised be the God . . . who encourages us in all our trials.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Cor. 1:3, 4</a></em><em>, ftn.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">Ever since humankind fell into sin and imperfection, Jehovah has proved that he is a God who gives encouragement. Immediately after the rebellion in Eden, he gave Adam’s future descendants reason to take courage. The prophetic promise written at <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Genesis 3:15</a> would give humankind hope that eventually “the original serpent,” Satan the Devil, and all his evil works would be destroyed. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rev. 12:9;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 1 John 3:8</a>) Jehovah’s servant Noah lived in an ungodly world where the only people who worshipped Jehovah were members of his family. With violence and sexual perversion rampant all around him, Noah could have become discouraged. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Gen. 6:4, 5,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 9,</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 11;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> Jude 6</a>) But Jehovah told Noah that He was going to put an end to that wicked world and instructed him about what he must do to ensure his family’s safety. (<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">Gen. 6:13-18</a>) Jehovah proved to be for Noah a God of encouragement. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>15 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 1:3, 4)</strong></a> Praised be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of tender mercies and the God of all comfort, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>who comforts* us in all our trials* so that we may be able to comfort others in any sort of trial* with the comfort that we receive from God.</p><p></p><p>Or “encourages.”</p><p>Or “tribulation.”</p><p>Or “tribulation.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:15)</strong></a> And I will put enmity* between you and the woman and between your offspring* and her offspring.* He will crush* your head, and you will strike* him in the heel.”</p><p></p><p>Or “hostility.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Or “bruise; strike.”</p><p>Or “bruise; crush.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 12:9)</strong></a> So down the great dragon was hurled, the original serpent, the one called Devil and Satan, who is misleading the entire inhabited earth; he was hurled down to the earth, and his angels were hurled down with him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 John 3:8)</strong></a> The one who practices sin originates with the Devil, because the Devil has been sinning from the beginning.* For this purpose the Son of God was made manifest, to break up* the works of the Devil.</p><p></p><p>Or “from when he began.”</p><p>Or “destroy.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:4, 5)</strong></a> The Nephʹi·lim* were on the earth in those days and afterward. During that time the sons of the true God continued to have relations with the daughters of men, and these bore sons to them. They were the mighty ones of old times, the men of fame. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>Consequently, Jehovah saw that man’s wickedness was great on the earth and that every inclination of the thoughts of his heart was only bad all the time.</p><p></p><p>Possibly meaning “The Fellers,” that is, those who cause others to fall down. See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:9)</strong></a> This is the history of Noah. Noah was a righteous man. He proved himself faultless* among his contemporaries.* Noah walked with the true God.</p><p></p><p>Or “blameless.”</p><p>Lit., “his generations.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:11)</strong></a> But the earth had become ruined in the sight of the true God, and the earth was filled with violence.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Jude 6)</strong></a> And the angels who did not keep their original position but forsook their own proper dwelling place, he has reserved with eternal bonds in dense darkness for the judgment of the great day.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:13-18)</strong></a> After that God said to Noah: “I have decided to put an end to all flesh, because the earth is full of violence on account of them, so I am bringing them to ruin together with the earth. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>Make for yourself an ark* from resinous wood. You will make compartments in the ark and cover it with tar* inside and outside. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>This is how you will make it: The ark should be 300 cubits* long, 50 cubits wide, and 30 cubits high. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>You will make a window for light* for the ark, one cubit from the top. You should put the entrance of the ark in its side and make it with a lower deck, a second deck, and a third deck. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>“As for me, I am going to bring floodwaters upon the earth to destroy from under the heavens all flesh that has the breath of life.* Everything on the earth will perish. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>And I am establishing my covenant with you, and you must go into the ark, you, your sons, your wife, and your sons’ wives with you.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “a chest”; a large vessel.</p><p>Or “pitch.”</p><p>A cubit equaled 44.5 cm (17.5 in.). See App. B14.</p><p>Hebrew, <em>tsoʹhar. </em>Another view is that the <em>tsoʹhar </em>refers to a roof with a one-cubit pitch, or incline, rather than an opening for light or a window.</p><p>Or “the spirit of life.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
