<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, November 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Thursday, November 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class="themeScrp"><em>Let your way of life be free of the love of money, while you are content with the present things.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 13:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">The Gospels give us clear indications of Jehovah’s thinking with regard to material things. God handpicked the human parents who would raise his Son​—a couple who were of modest material means. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Lev. 12:8;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Luke 2:24</a>) When Jesus was born, Mary “laid him in a manger, because there was no room for them in the lodging place.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Luke 2:7</a>) Had Jehovah wanted to, he could in any number of ways have provided better accommodations for the birth of his Son. What mattered to Him, though, was the spiritual environment in which Jesus would be cared for and raised. From this Bible account, we can appreciate Jehovah’s view of material things. Some parents insist on the best for their children materially, even at the expense of their children’s spiritual health. Clearly, though, Jehovah considers spiritual matters to be of supreme importance. Have you adopted Jehovah’s view? What do your actions reveal? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>24 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:5)</strong></a> Let your way of life be free of the love of money, while you are content with the present things. For he has said: “I will never leave you, and I will never abandon you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Lev. 12:8)</strong></a> But if she cannot afford a sheep, she must then take two turtledoves or two young pigeons, one for a burnt offering and one for a sin offering, and the priest will make atonement for her, and she will be clean.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 2:24)</strong></a> And they offered a sacrifice according to what is said in the Law of Jehovah: “a pair of turtledoves or two young pigeons.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 2:7)</strong></a> And she gave birth to her son, the firstborn, and she wrapped him in strips of cloth and laid him in a manger, because there was no room for them in the lodging place.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
