<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, November 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Sunday, November 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class="themeScrp"><em>Must we bring out water for you from this crag?​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Num. 20:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">By using the word “we,” Moses was likely referring to himself and Aaron. Those words indicated a gross lack of respect for Jehovah as the true Source of that miracle. This possibility seems to be confirmed by what we read at <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Psalm 106:32, 33</a>: “They provoked Him at the waters of Meribah, and it went badly for Moses because of them. They embittered his spirit, and he <em>spoke rashly with his lips.” </em>(<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Num. 27:14</a>) Whatever the case, Moses’ actions detracted from the honor due Jehovah. Speaking to Moses and Aaron, Jehovah said: “You both rebelled against my order.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Num. 20:24</a>) A serious sin indeed! Previously, Jehovah had denied a whole generation of Israelites entrance into the land of Canaan because of their rebelliousness. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Num. 14:26-30,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 34</a>) So it was both appropriate and consistent for Jehovah to make the same judgment with regard to Moses because of his rebellious act. He was not allowed to enter the Promised Land. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>14 ¶9,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation2"> 12;</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation3"> 15 ¶13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Num. 20:10)</strong></a> Then Moses and Aaron called the congregation together before the crag, and he said to them: “Hear, now, you rebels! Must we bring out water for you from this crag?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 106:32, 33)</strong></a> They provoked Him at the waters of Merʹi·bah,* And it went badly for Moses because of them. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>They embittered his spirit, And he spoke rashly with his lips.</p><p></p><p>Meaning “Quarreling.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Num. 27:14)</strong></a> because when the assembly was quarreling with me in the wilderness of Zin, you rebelled against my order to sanctify me before them by means of the waters. These are the waters of Merʹi·bah at Kaʹdesh in the wilderness of Zin.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Num. 20:24)</strong></a> “Aaron will be gathered to his people.* He will not enter the land that I will give to the Israelites, because you both rebelled against my order regarding the waters of Merʹi·bah.</p><p></p><p>This is a poetic expression for death.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Num. 14:26-30)</strong></a> Jehovah then said to Moses and Aaron: <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>“How much longer will this evil assembly keep up this murmuring against me? I have heard what the Israelites are murmuring against me. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>Say to them, ‘“As surely as I live,” declares Jehovah, “I will do to you just what I have heard you speak! <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>In this wilderness your corpses will fall, yes, the whole number of you from 20 years old and up who were registered, all of you who have murmured against me. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>None of you will enter into the land that I swore* to have you reside in except Caʹleb the son of Je·phunʹneh and Joshua the son of Nun.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “I lifted my hand.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Num. 14:34)</strong></a> According to the number of the days that you spied out the land, 40 days, a day for a year, a day for a year, you will answer for your errors 40 years, for you will know what it means to oppose me.*</p><p></p><p>Or “to have me as an enemy.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
