<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, November 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50"><span id="page114" class="pageNum" data-no="114" data-before-text="114"></span>Tuesday, November 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="themeScrp"><em>Judas the Galilean rose up . . . , and he drew followers after himself.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 5:37</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">The Romans had Judas executed. Apart from Judas and the other extremists, ordinary Jews were keenly awaiting the arrival of a political Messiah. That is, they expected that when the Messiah appeared, he would bring glory to their nation and freedom from the yoke of Rome. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 2:38;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 3:15</a>) Many believed that the Messiah would establish a kingdom on earth in Israel. When that occurred, millions of Jews scattered abroad would return to their homeland. Recall that John the Baptist once asked Jesus: “Are you the Coming One, or are we to expect a different one?” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 11:2, 3</a>) John may have wanted to know whether someone else would fulfill all the hopes of the Jews. The two disciples who met the resurrected Jesus on the road to Emmaus also had unfulfilled hopes about the Messiah. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Luke 24:21</a>) Soon thereafter, Jesus’ apostles asked him: “Lord, are you restoring the kingdom to Israel at this time?”​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Acts 1:6</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>4 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 5:37)</strong></a> After him, Judas the Gal·i·leʹan rose up in the days of the registration, and he drew followers after himself. That man also perished, and all those who were following him were scattered.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 2:38)</strong></a> In that very hour she came near and began giving thanks to God and speaking about the child to all who were waiting for Jerusalem’s deliverance.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 3:15)</strong></a> Now the people were in expectation and all of them were reasoning in their hearts about John, “May he perhaps be the Christ?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:2, 3)</strong></a> But John, having heard in jail about the works of the Christ, sent his disciples <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>to ask him: “Are you the Coming One, or are we to expect a different one?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Luke 24:21)</strong></a> But we were hoping that this man was the one who was going to deliver Israel. Yes, and besides all these things, this is the third day since these things occurred.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Acts 1:6)</strong></a> So when they had assembled, they asked him: “Lord, are you restoring the kingdom to Israel at this time?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
