<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, November 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23"><span id="page111" class="pageNum" data-no="111" data-before-text="111"></span>Sunday, November 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class="themeScrp"><em>Let us always offer to God a sacrifice of praise, that is, the fruit of our lips that make public declaration to his name.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 13:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">We benefit ourselves when we comment at meetings. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 48:17</a>) How so? First, if we plan to give a comment, we are especially motivated to prepare well for the meeting. When we prepare well, we gain a deeper understanding of God’s Word. And the deeper our understanding, the better we can apply the things we learn. Second, we will likely enjoy the meeting more because we are involved in the discussion. Third, because it takes effort to comment, we often remember the points we spoke about long after the meeting ends. Also, we please Jehovah when we express our faith. We can be sure that Jehovah listens to us and deeply appreciates the effort we make to comment at meetings. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Mal. 3:16</a>) He shows his appreciation by blessing us when we try hard to please him. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Mal. 3:10</a>) Clearly, we have good reasons to comment at meetings. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>8 ¶3;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation2"> 9-10 ¶7-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:15)</strong></a> Through him let us always offer to God a sacrifice of praise, that is, the fruit of our lips that make public declaration to his name.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 48:17)</strong></a> This is what Jehovah says, your Repurchaser, the Holy One of Israel: “I, Jehovah, am your God, The One teaching you to benefit yourself,* The One guiding you in the way you should walk.</p><p></p><p>Or “for your own good.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Mal. 3:16)</strong></a> At that time those who fear Jehovah spoke with one another, each one with his companion, and Jehovah kept paying attention and listening. And a book of remembrance was written before him for those fearing Jehovah and for those meditating on* his name.</p><p></p><p>Or “thinking on.” Or possibly, “treasuring.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Mal. 3:10)</strong></a> Bring the entire tithe* into the storehouse, so that there may be food in my house; and test me out, please, in this regard,” Jehovah of armies says, “to see whether I will not open to you the floodgates of the heavens and pour out* on you a blessing until there is nothing lacking.”</p><p></p><p>Or “all the tenth parts.”</p><p>Lit., “empty out.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
