<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, November 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Wednesday, November 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class="themeScrp"><em>The naive person believes every word.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 14:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">We need to be especially cautious when we come across reports regarding Jehovah’s people. Never forget that Satan is the accuser of God’s faithful servants. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rev. 12:10</a>) Therefore, Jesus warned that opposers would “lyingly say every sort of wicked thing” against us. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 5:11</a>) If we take that warning seriously, we will not be shocked when we hear outrageous statements about Jehovah’s people. Do you enjoy sending e-mails and text messages to your friends and acquaintances? If so, when you see a newly published story in the news media or hear an experience, you might feel like a news reporter who wants to be the first to break an exciting story. However, before you send that text message or e-mail, ask yourself: ‘Am I certain that the information I am about to spread is true? Do I really have the facts?’ If you are not certain, you could unwittingly circulate false information among our brotherhood. If in doubt, hit the delete key, not the send button. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>3 ¶3;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation2"> 4 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 14:15)</strong></a> The naive* person believes every word, But the shrewd one ponders each step.</p><p></p><p>Or “inexperienced.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 12:10)</strong></a> I heard a loud voice in heaven say: “Now have come to pass the salvation and the power and the Kingdom of our God and the authority of his Christ, because the accuser of our brothers has been hurled down, who accuses them day and night before our God!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:11)</strong></a> “Happy are you when people reproach* you and persecute you and lyingly say every sort of wicked thing against you for my sake.</p><p></p><p>Or “insult.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
