<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, November 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77"><span id="page117" class="pageNum" data-no="117" data-before-text="117"></span>Thursday, November 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class="themeScrp"><em>Caiaphas . . . had advised the Jews that it was to their benefit for one man to die in behalf of the people.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 18:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">Caiaphas sent soldiers to arrest Jesus under the cover of night. Jesus was aware of this shameful strategy, so during his final meal with the apostles, he asked them to get some swords. Two would be sufficient to teach them a vital lesson. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 22:36-38</a>) Later that night, Peter used a sword to attack a member of the mob. No doubt, he was incensed at the injustice of Jesus’ nighttime arrest. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 18:10</a>) But Jesus told Peter: “Return your sword to its place, for all those who take up the sword will perish by the sword.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 26:52, 53</a>) This powerful lesson was in harmony with what Jesus prayed about earlier that night​—they must be no part of the world. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">John 17:16</a>) Fighting injustice was something to be left to God. Consequently, we maintain our peace and unity. And as Jehovah observes our divided world, it must warm his heart to see the unity that exists among his people.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Zeph. 3:17</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>7 ¶13-14,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation2"> 16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 18:14)</strong></a> Caʹia·phas was, in fact, the one who had advised the Jews that it was to their benefit for one man to die in behalf of the people.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 22:36-38)</strong></a> Then he said to them: “But now let the one who has a money bag take it, likewise a food pouch, and let the one who has no sword sell his outer garment and buy one. <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>For I tell you that what is written must be accomplished in me, namely, ‘He was counted with lawless ones.’ For this is being fulfilled concerning me.” <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>Then they said: “Lord, look! here are two swords.” He said to them: “It is enough.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 18:10)</strong></a> Then Simon Peter, who had a sword, drew it and struck the slave of the high priest, cutting off his right ear. The name of the slave was Malchus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:52, 53)</strong></a> Then Jesus said to him: “Return your sword to its place, for all those who take up the sword will perish by the sword. <strong><sup>53 </sup></strong>Or do you think that I cannot appeal to my Father to supply me at this moment more than 12 legions of angels?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 17:16)</strong></a> They are no part of the world, just as I am no part of the world.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Zeph. 3:17)</strong></a> Jehovah your God is in your midst. As a mighty One, he will save. He will exult over you with great joy. He will become silent* in his love. He will rejoice over you with shouts of joy.</p><p></p><p>Or “quiet; at ease; satisfied.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
