<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, November 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32"><span id="page112" class="pageNum" data-no="112" data-before-text="112"></span>Wednesday, November 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class="themeScrp"><em>The harvest is great, but the workers are few.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 9:37</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">The circumstances of some brothers and sisters allow them to make themselves available farther afield. Their attitude is similar to that of the prophet Isaiah. In response to Jehovah’s question, “Whom shall I send, and who will go for us?” he replied: “Here I am! Send me!” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 6:8</a>) Do you have the desire and circumstances to respond in a similar way to theocratic needs? Concerning the preaching and disciple-making work, Jesus said: “Therefore, beg the Master of the harvest to send out workers into his harvest.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 9:38</a>) Can you serve in a field where the need is greater, perhaps as a pioneer? Or can you help someone else to do so? Many brothers and sisters have felt that the best way to show love for God and neighbor is to pioneer in areas or in territories in which there is a greater need for harvest workers. Can you think of other ways to expand or increase your service? Great joy comes from doing so. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>27 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 9:37)</strong></a> Then he said to his disciples: “Yes, the harvest is great, but the workers are few.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 6:8)</strong></a> Then I heard the voice of Jehovah saying: “Whom shall I send, and who will go for us?” And I said: “Here I am! Send me!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 9:38)</strong></a> Therefore, beg the Master of the harvest to send out workers into his harvest.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
