<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, November 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68"><span id="page116" class="pageNum" data-no="116" data-before-text="116"></span>Monday, November 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp"><em>It is best not to eat meat or drink wine or do anything over which your brother stumbles.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 14:21</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">Would you be willing to forgo things that are within your right if you could thus avoid stumbling a brother whose conscience differs from yours? No doubt you would. Before they came to a knowledge of the truth, some of our brothers abused alcohol, but now they are determined to abstain from it. Surely, none of us would want to contribute to a brother’s falling back into a course that would cause him great harm! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 6:9, 10</a>) Therefore, it would be unloving for a host to pressure a brother to drink alcohol if he has declined to do so. While likely in his late teens or early 20’s, the young man Timothy submitted to painful circumcision in order to avoid stumbling Jews to whom he was going to preach. His attitude was similar to that of the apostle Paul. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 16:3;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 1 Cor. 9:19-23</a>) Like Timothy, are you willing to make personal sacrifices for the good of others? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>18-19 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 14:21)</strong></a> It is best not to eat meat or drink wine or do anything over which your brother stumbles.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 6:9, 10)</strong></a> Or do you not know that unrighteous people will not inherit God’s Kingdom? Do not be misled.* Those who are sexually immoral,* idolaters, adulterers, men who submit to homosexual acts, men who practice homosexuality,* <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>thieves, greedy people, drunkards, revilers,* and extortioners will not inherit God’s Kingdom.</p><p></p><p>Or “deceived.”</p><p>See Glossary, “Sexual immorality.”</p><p>Or “men who have sex with men.” Lit., “men who lie with men.”</p><p>Or “the verbally abusive.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 16:3)</strong></a> Paul expressed the desire for Timothy to accompany him, and he took him and circumcised him because of the Jews in those places, for they all knew that his father was a Greek.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 9:19-23)</strong></a> For though I am free from all people, I have made myself the slave to all, so that I may gain as many people as possible. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>To the Jews I became as a Jew in order to gain Jews; to those under law I became as under law, though I myself am not under law, in order to gain those under law. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>To those without law I became as without law, although I am not without law toward God but under law toward Christ, in order to gain those without law. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>To the weak I became weak, in order to gain the weak. I have become all things to people of all sorts, so that I might by all possible means save some. <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>But I do all things for the sake of the good news, in order to share it with others.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
