<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, November 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89">Monday, November 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class="themeScrp"><em>Keep encouraging one another and building one another up, just as you are in fact doing.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Thess. 5:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">It would be an error on our part if we believed that we cannot be encouraging because we are not particularly communicative. It does not take much to be a source of encouragement​—perhaps no more than a warm smile when greeting someone. If there is no smile in return, it could mean that there is a problem, and just listening to the other person may bring comfort. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jas. 1:19</a>) We all can be encouraging to a brother or a sister who is in need of comfort. King Solomon wrote: “A word spoken at the right time​—how good it is! A cheerful glance makes the heart rejoice; a good report invigorates the bones.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 15:23,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 30</a>, ftn.) Paul shows that even singing a Kingdom song together can be a source of encouragement. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Acts 16:25;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Col. 3:16</a>) Mutual encouragement will become more and more important as we see Jehovah’s day “drawing near.”​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Heb. 10:25</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>23 ¶16;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation2"> 24 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p92" data-pid="92" class="p92"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:11)</strong></a> Therefore, keep encouraging* one another and building one another up, just as you are in fact doing.</p><p></p><p>Or “comforting.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:19)</strong></a> Know this, my beloved brothers: Everyone must be quick to listen, slow to speak, slow to anger,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 15:23)</strong></a> A man rejoices in giving the right answer,* And a word spoken at the right time—how good it is!</p><p></p><p>Lit., “in the answer of his mouth.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 15:30)</strong></a> Bright eyes make* the heart rejoice; A good report invigorates the bones.*</p><p></p><p>Or “A cheerful glance makes.”</p><p>Lit., “makes the bones fat.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 16:25)</strong></a> But about the middle of the night, Paul and Silas were praying and praising God with song, and the prisoners were listening to them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Col. 3:16)</strong></a> Let the word of the Christ reside in you richly in all wisdom. Keep on teaching and encouraging* one another with psalms, praises to God, spiritual songs sung with gratitude,* singing in your hearts to Jehovah.*</p><p></p><p>Or “admonishing.”</p><p>Or “graciousness.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:25)</strong></a> not forsaking our meeting together, as some have the custom, but encouraging one another, and all the more so as you see the day drawing near.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
