<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, November 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14"><span id="page110" class="pageNum" data-no="110" data-before-text="110"></span>Thursday, November 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class="themeScrp"><em>All the congregations of the nations give thanks.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 16:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">The apostle Paul appreciated his brothers and sisters and showed it in the way he talked about them. He always thanked God for them in his private prayers. He also expressed his appreciation when writing to them. In the first 15 verses of <span id="citationsource2"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted5.xhtml#citation2">Romans 16</a>, Paul mentions 27 fellow Christians by name. Paul specifically recalled that Prisca and Aquila “risked their own necks” for him, and he described Phoebe as “a defender of many,” including Paul. He commended those beloved, hardworking brothers and sisters. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted5.xhtml#citation3">Rom. 16:1-15</a>) Paul was aware that his brothers and sisters were imperfect, but he chose to focus on their good qualities. Imagine how encouraged those brothers and sisters must have been to hear Paul’s comments read aloud to the congregation! As a result, their bond of friendship with Paul no doubt grew stronger. Do you regularly express appreciation for the good things that members of your congregation say and do? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>16 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 16:4)</strong></a> who have risked their own necks for me and to whom not only I but also all the congregations of the nations give thanks.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
