<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, November 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5"><span id="page109" class="pageNum" data-no="109" data-before-text="109"></span>Monday, November 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>All of you have . . . fellow feeling.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 3:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">To develop fellow feeling, try to understand what family members and fellow believers are going through. Take an interest in the teenagers in the congregation as well as in the sick, the elderly, and those who have lost loved ones in death. Ask how they are doing. Really listen as they express themselves. Help them sense that you truly understand what they are dealing with. Offer to help in whatever way you can. When we do this, we show genuine love in action. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 John 3:18</a>) We need to be flexible when trying to help others. Why? Because people react to hardship in different ways. Some are eager to talk, while others are more reserved. So we want to offer help, but we should avoid asking questions that are too personal. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Thess. 4:11</a>) Even when others do open up, we may find that we do not always share their point of view. Yet, we need to recognize that this is how they feel. We want to be quick to listen and slow to speak.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 7:1;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Jas. 1:19</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.03 </em>19 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:8)</strong></a> Finally, all of you have unity of mind,* fellow feeling, brotherly affection, tender compassion, and humility.</p><p></p><p>Or “think in agreement.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 John 3:18)</strong></a> Little children, we should love, not in word or with the tongue, but in deed and truth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 4:11)</strong></a> Make it your aim to live quietly and to mind your own business and to work with your hands, just as we instructed you,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 7:1)</strong></a> “Stop judging that you may not be judged;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:19)</strong></a> Know this, my beloved brothers: Everyone must be quick to listen, slow to speak, slow to anger,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
