<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, November 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41"><span id="page113" class="pageNum" data-no="113" data-before-text="113"></span>Saturday, November 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>Do not cut yourselves or shave your foreheads bald for a dead person.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Deut. 14:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">Giving up unscriptural customs and practices can be one of the most difficult prices to pay for truth. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 23:23</a>) Although some may find it easy to accept the Scriptural basis for abandoning these practices, others may hesitate to pay the price because of pressure from family members, workmates, and close friends. The situation may become emotionally charged, especially if a custom involves rites in honor of dead relatives. The courageous example of others can help us to make the necessary changes. What did newly converted Christians in Ephesus who had been practicing magical arts do in order to put away those unscriptural practices and buy truth? The Bible explains: “[They] brought their books together and burned them up before everybody. And they calculated their value and found them worth 50,000 pieces of silver.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 19:19, 20</a>) The faithful Christians made this costly sacrifice and gained priceless blessings. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>7 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Deut. 14:1)</strong></a> “You are sons of Jehovah your God. Do not cut yourselves or shave your foreheads bald* for a dead person.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “put (make) baldness between your eyes.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 23:23)</strong></a> Buy* truth and never sell it, Also wisdom and discipline and understanding.</p><p></p><p>Or “Acquire.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 19:19, 20)</strong></a> Indeed, quite a number of those who practiced magical arts brought their books together and burned them up before everybody. And they calculated their value and found them worth 50,000 pieces of silver. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>Thus in a mighty way, the word of Jehovah kept growing and prevailing.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
