<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, November 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Monday, November 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="themeScrp"><em>Abhor what is wicked; cling to what is good.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 12:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">Jehovah takes a very wise approach to his servants. Instead of giving us endless laws, he patiently teaches us to follow the law of love. He wants us to live by godly principles and to hate what is bad. Jesus’ Sermon on the Mount is a fine example of that teaching, for it addresses the root causes of wrongdoing. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 5:27, 28</a>) As King of God’s Kingdom, Christ will continue to educate us in the new world so that our attitude toward righteousness and lawlessness will perfectly mirror his. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Heb. 1:9</a>) He will also elevate us to physical and mental perfection. Imagine, you will no longer feel the tug of sin or experience the horrible effects of sin. Then, at last, you will enjoy “the glorious freedom” that Jehovah promised you. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rom. 8:21</a>) Of course, our freedom will never be absolute. Our freedom will have its fullest expression only when it is guided by godlike love.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 John 4:7, 8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>23 ¶19-20</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:9)</strong></a> Let your love be without hypocrisy. Abhor what is wicked; cling to what is good.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:27, 28)</strong></a> “You heard that it was said: ‘You must not commit adultery.’ <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>But I say to you that everyone who keeps on looking at a woman so as to have a passion for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 1:9)</strong></a> You loved righteousness, and you hated lawlessness. That is why God, your God, anointed you with the oil of exultation more than your companions.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:21)</strong></a> that* the creation itself will also be set free from enslavement to corruption and have the glorious freedom of the children of God.</p><p></p><p>Or “because.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 John 4:7, 8)</strong></a> Beloved ones, let us continue loving one another, because love is from God, and everyone who loves has been born from God and knows God. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Whoever does not love has not come to know God, because God is love.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
