<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, November 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59"><span id="page115" class="pageNum" data-no="115" data-before-text="115"></span>Friday, November 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>Trust in Jehovah with all your heart, and do not rely on your own understanding. In all your ways take notice of him, and he will make your paths straight.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 3:5, 6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">Obtaining the facts and evaluating them accurately present a challenge today because of the abundance of low-quality information, reports filled with half-truths, and our own imperfection. What will help us with this challenging task? We must know and apply Bible principles. One such principle is that it is foolish and humiliating to reply to a matter before hearing the facts. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 18:13</a>) Another Bible principle reminds us not to accept every word without question. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 14:15</a>) And finally, no matter how much experience we have in Christian living, we must be careful not to lean on our own understanding. Bible principles will safeguard us if we are certain to use facts from reliable sources to draw good conclusions and to make wise decisions. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>7 ¶19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 3:5, 6)</strong></a> Trust in Jehovah with all your heart, And do not rely* on your own understanding.  <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>In all your ways take notice of him, And he will make your paths straight.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “lean.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 18:13)</strong></a> When anyone replies to a matter before he hears the facts, It is foolish and humiliating.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 14:15)</strong></a> The naive* person believes every word, But the shrewd one ponders each step.</p><p></p><p>Or “inexperienced.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
