<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, November 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page108" class="pageNum" data-no="108" data-before-text="108"></span><strong>November</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Sunday, November 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp"><em>Whoever feeds on this bread will live forever.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 6:58</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">When we serve Jehovah, we have the prospect of eventually gaining all that Adam and Eve lost, including the opportunity to live forever. Adam and Eve chose not to serve Jehovah because they failed to develop a strong love for him. Even so, Jehovah allowed them to live long enough to have children and to set their own standards for raising those children. The results of Adam and Eve’s decision to be independent of Jehovah soon made it clear how foolish they had been. Their oldest son murdered his innocent brother, and in time violence and selfishness dominated the human family. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 4:8;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 6:11-13</a>) All the while, Jehovah had a means to save all of Adam and Eve’s children who want to serve him. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">John 6:38-40,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 57</a>) As you learn more about how patient and loving Jehovah is, your love for him will likely grow. You will want to reject the course that Adam and Eve chose and dedicate yourself to Jehovah. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.03 </em>2 ¶3;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted.xhtml#pcitation2"> 4 ¶9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 6:58)</strong></a> This is the bread that came down from heaven. It is not as when your forefathers ate and yet died. Whoever feeds on this bread will live forever.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 4:8)</strong></a> After that Cain said to his brother Abel: “Let us go over into the field.” So while they were in the field, Cain assaulted his brother Abel and killed him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:11-13)</strong></a> But the earth had become ruined in the sight of the true God, and the earth was filled with violence. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>Yes, God looked upon the earth, and it was ruined; all flesh* had ruined its way on the earth. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>After that God said to Noah: “I have decided to put an end to all flesh, because the earth is full of violence on account of them, so I am bringing them to ruin together with the earth.</p><p></p><p>Or “people.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 6:38-40)</strong></a> for I have come down from heaven to do, not my own will, but the will of him who sent me. <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>This is the will of him who sent me, that I should lose none out of all those whom he has given me, but that I should resurrect them on the last day. <strong><sup>40 </sup></strong>For this is the will of my Father, that everyone who recognizes the Son and exercises faith in him should have everlasting life, and I will resurrect him on the last day.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 6:57)</strong></a> Just as the living Father sent me and I live because of the Father, so also the one who feeds on me will live because of me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
