<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, November 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8">Tuesday, November 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class="themeScrp"><em>I became very frightened.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Neh. 2:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">Do you have fears when speaking publicly about the truth? Remember Nehemiah. He served in the court of a powerful king. Nehemiah was gloomy because he had heard that the walls and gates of Jerusalem were in ruins. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Neh. 1:1-4</a>) Imagine the knot he might have had in his stomach when the king asked him to explain why he was looking so unhappy! Nehemiah quickly prayed and then gave his answer. In response, the king did much to help God’s people. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Neh. 2:1-8</a>) Think, too, of Jonah. When Jehovah asked him to speak to the inhabitants of Nineveh, Jonah was so scared that he ran in the opposite direction. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Jonah 1:1-3</a>) But with Jehovah’s help, Jonah carried out his assignment. And the words he spoke did much good for those in Nineveh. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Jonah 3:5-10</a>) From Nehemiah we learn the importance of praying before we answer. And from Jonah we learn that Jehovah can help us to serve him despite our greatest fears. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>11 ¶12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Neh. 2:2)</strong></a> So the king said to me: “Why do you look so gloomy when you are not sick? This can be nothing but gloominess of heart.” At this I became very frightened.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Neh. 1:1-4)</strong></a> The words of Ne·he·miʹah* the son of Hac·a·liʹah: Now in the month of Chisʹlev,* in the 20th year, I was in Shuʹshan* the citadel.* <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>At that time Ha·naʹni, one of my brothers, arrived with other men from Judah, and I asked them about the remaining Jews who had escaped the captivity, and also about Jerusalem. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>They replied: “Those remaining there in the province* who have survived the captivity are in a terrible situation and in disgrace. The walls of Jerusalem are broken down, and its gates have been burned with fire.” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>As soon as I heard these words, I sat down and began to weep and mourn for days, and I kept fasting and praying before the God of the heavens.</p><p></p><p>Meaning “Jah Comforts.”</p><p>See App. B15.</p><p>Or “Susa.”</p><p>Or “palace; fortress.”</p><p>Or “jurisdictional district.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Neh. 2:1-8)</strong></a> In the month of Niʹsan,* in the 20th year of King Ar·ta·xerxʹes, wine was set before him, and as usual I took up the wine and gave it to the king. But I had never been gloomy in his presence. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>So the king said to me: “Why do you look so gloomy when you are not sick? This can be nothing but gloominess of heart.” At this I became very frightened. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Then I said to the king: “Long live the king! Why should I not look gloomy when the city, the place where my forefathers are buried, lies in ruins, and its gates have been consumed by fire?” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>The king then said to me: “What is it that you are seeking?” At once I prayed to the God of the heavens. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>I then said to the king: “If it pleases the king and if your servant has found favor with you, send me to Judah, to the city where my forefathers are buried, so that I may rebuild it.” <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>Then the king, with his royal consort* sitting beside him, said to me: “How long will your journey be, and when will you return?” So it pleased the king to send me, and I gave him a set time. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Then I said to the king: “If it pleases the king, let letters be given me for the governors of the region Beyond the River,* granting me safe passage until I reach Judah, <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>as well as a letter to Aʹsaph the keeper of the Royal Park,* so that he may give me timber for beams for the gates of the Fortress of the House* and for the walls of the city and for the house where I will go.” So the king gave them to me, for the good hand of my God was upon me.</p><p></p><p>See App. B15.</p><p>Or “his queen.”</p><p>Or “of Trans-Euphrates.”</p><p>Or “the king’s forest.”</p><p>Or “Temple.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Jonah 1:1-3)</strong></a> The word of Jehovah came to Joʹnah* the son of A·mitʹtai, saying: <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>“Get up, go to Ninʹe·veh the great city, and proclaim judgment against her, for their wickedness has come to my attention.” <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>But Joʹnah got up to run away from Jehovah to Tarʹshish; he went down to Jopʹpa and found a ship going to Tarʹshish. So he paid the fare and went aboard to go with them to Tarʹshish, away from Jehovah.</p><p></p><p>Meaning “Dove.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Jonah 3:5-10)</strong></a> And the men of Ninʹe·veh put faith in God, and they proclaimed a fast and put on sackcloth, from the greatest to the least of them. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>When the message reached the king of Ninʹe·veh, he rose up from his throne and took off his royal garment and covered himself with sackcloth and sat down in the ashes. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Furthermore, he issued a proclamation throughout Ninʹe·veh, “By the decree of the king and his nobles: No man or beast, herd or flock, should eat anything at all. They should not take food, nor should they drink any water. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Let them be covered with sackcloth, both man and beast; and let them call out earnestly to God and turn from their evil ways and from the violence they practice. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Who knows whether the true God may reconsider* what he intends to do and turn from his burning anger, so that we may not perish?” <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>When the true God saw what they did, how they had turned back from their evil ways, he reconsidered* the calamity that he said he would bring on them, and he did not bring it.</p><p></p><p>Or “feel regret over.”</p><p>Or “felt regret over.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
