<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, November 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Thursday, November 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class="themeScrp"><em>Practice giving, and people will give to you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 6:38</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Jesus wants us to find happiness by being generous. Many people react favorably to generosity. Of course, not all respond positively, but when they do, their gratitude can start a chain reaction. So practice giving whether people seem to appreciate it or not. You never know how much good you can do with just one act of generosity. Truly generous people do not give in order to get something in return. Jesus had this in mind when he taught: “When you spread a feast, invite the poor, the crippled, the lame, the blind; and you will be happy, because they have nothing with which to repay you.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 14:13, 14</a>) “The generous person will be blessed,” said one inspired writer. Another said: “Happy is anyone who shows consideration to the lowly one.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 22:9;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Ps. 41:1</a>) Indeed, we should give because we derive pleasure from helping others. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>21-22 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 6:38)</strong></a> Practice giving, and people will give to you. They will pour into your laps a fine measure, pressed down, shaken together, and overflowing. For with the measure that you are measuring out, they will measure out to you in return.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 14:13, 14)</strong></a> But when you spread a feast, invite the poor, the crippled, the lame, the blind; <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>and you will be happy, because they have nothing with which to repay you. For you will be repaid in the resurrection of the righteous ones.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 22:9)</strong></a> The generous person* will be blessed, For he shares his food with the poor.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “He with a good eye.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 41:1)</strong></a> Happy is anyone who shows consideration to the lowly one; Jehovah will rescue him in the day of calamity.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
