<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, November 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Sunday, November 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class="themeScrp"><em>When they finished circumcising the entire nation, they remained where they were in the camp until they recovered.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Josh. 5:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">Soon after Israel crossed the Jordan, Joshua met a man carrying a drawn sword. He was none other than the “chief of Jehovah’s army,” who was ready to defend God’s people. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Josh. 5:13-15</a>; ftn.) Joshua received clear instructions from the angelic Leader on how to take the city of Jericho. At first, some of the instructions may not have appeared to be a good strategy. For instance, Jehovah commanded that all the men be circumcised, which would leave them indisposed for several days. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 34:24, 25;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Josh. 5:2</a>) Likely, those defenseless Israelite soldiers wondered how they would protect their family if enemy warriors raided their camp. But suddenly, the news broke that Jericho was “tightly shut up because of the Israelites.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Josh. 6:1</a>) Would their trust in God’s direction not have been strengthened by such an unexpected turn of events? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.10 </em>23 ¶5-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Josh. 5:8)</strong></a> When they finished circumcising the entire nation, they remained where they were in the camp until they recovered.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Josh. 5:13-15)</strong></a> When Joshua was near Jerʹi·cho, he looked up and saw a man standing in front of him with a drawn sword in his hand. Joshua walked up to him and asked: “Are you on our side or on the side of our adversaries?” <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>To this he said: “No, but I have come as prince* of Jehovah’s army.” With that Joshua fell with his face to the ground and prostrated himself and said to him: “What does my lord have to say to his servant?” <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>The prince of Jehovah’s army replied to Joshua: “Remove your sandals from your feet, because the place where you are standing is holy.” At once Joshua did so.</p><p></p><p>Or “chief.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 34:24, 25)</strong></a> All those going out by the gate of his city listened to Haʹmor and to his son Sheʹchem, and all the males got circumcised, all those going out of the city gate. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>However, on the third day, when they were still in pain, two sons of Jacob, Simʹe·on and Leʹvi, Diʹnah’s brothers, each took his sword and went into the unsuspecting city and killed every male.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Josh. 5:2)</strong></a> At that time Jehovah said to Joshua: “Make for yourself flint knives and circumcise the men of Israel again, a second time.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Josh. 6:1)</strong></a> Now Jerʹi·cho was tightly shut up because of the Israelites; no one was leaving and no one was entering.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
