<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, November 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Saturday, November 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class="themeScrp"><em>Safeguard your heart.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 4:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">Each time we see the benefits of doing what is right, our faith grows stronger. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jas. 1:2, 3</a>) We feel good because we have made Jehovah proud to call us one of his children, and our desire to please him becomes stronger. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 27:11</a>) Each test becomes an opportunity to show that we are not halfhearted about serving our caring Father. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 119:113</a>) Instead, we prove that we love Jehovah with a complete heart, one that is fully resolved to obey his commandments and to do his will. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Ki. 8:61</a>) Will we make mistakes? Yes; we are imperfect. If we do stumble, remember King Hezekiah’s example. He made mistakes. But he repented and kept on serving Jehovah “with a complete heart.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Isa. 38:3-6;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 2 Chron. 29:1, 2;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> 32:25, 26</a>) Let us, then, reject Satan’s attempts to infect us with his thinking. Let us pray that we develop “an obedient heart” and remain faithful to Jehovah.​—<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">1 Ki. 3:9;</a><span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10"> Ps. 139:23, 24</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>18-19 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 4:23)</strong></a> Above all the things that you guard, safeguard your heart, For out of it are the sources of life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:2, 3)</strong></a> Consider it all joy, my brothers, when you meet with various trials, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>knowing as you do that this tested quality of your faith produces endurance.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 27:11)</strong></a> Be wise, my son, and make my heart rejoice, So that I can make a reply to him who taunts me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:113)</strong></a> I hate the halfhearted ones,* But I love your law.</p><p></p><p>Or “men of divided heart.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 8:61)</strong></a> So let your heart be complete with* Jehovah our God by walking in his regulations and by keeping his commandments as on this day.”</p><p></p><p>Or “completely devoted to.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Isa. 38:3-6)</strong></a> “I beg you, O Jehovah, remember, please, how I have walked before you faithfully and with a complete heart, and I have done what was good in your eyes.” And Hez·e·kiʹah began to weep profusely. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Then the word of Jehovah came to Isaiah, saying: <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>“Go back and say to Hez·e·kiʹah, ‘This is what Jehovah the God of David your forefather says: “I have heard your prayer. I have seen your tears. Here I am adding 15 years to your life,* <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>and I will rescue you and this city out of the hand of the king of As·syrʹi·a, and I will defend this city.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “days.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(2 Chron. 29:1, 2)</strong></a> Hez·e·kiʹah became king at the age of 25, and he reigned for 29 years in Jerusalem. His mother’s name was A·biʹjah the daughter of Zech·a·riʹah. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>He kept doing what was right in Jehovah’s eyes, just as David his forefather had done.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(2 Chron. 32:25, 26)</strong></a> But Hez·e·kiʹah did not respond appreciatively to the good done to him, for his heart became haughty, bringing indignation against him and against Judah and Jerusalem. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>However, Hez·e·kiʹah humbled himself for the haughtiness of his heart, he and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and Jehovah’s indignation did not come upon them in the days of Hez·e·kiʹah.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 3:9)</strong></a> So grant your servant an obedient heart to judge your people, to discern between good and bad, for who is able to judge this numerous* people of yours?”</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “difficult.” Lit., “heavy.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(Ps. 139:23, 24)</strong></a> Search through me, O God, and know my heart. Examine me, and know my anxious* thoughts. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>See whether there is in me any harmful way, And lead me in the way of eternity.</p><p></p><p>Or “disquieting.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
