<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, November 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Wednesday, November 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class="themeScrp"><em>No one has left house or </em>[<em>family</em>] <em>for my sake and for the sake of the good news who will not get 100 times more now . . . and in the coming system of things, everlasting life.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Mark 10:29, 30</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">When we choose to live according to Bible truth, our ties with friends and relatives may change. Why? Jesus prayed regarding his followers: “Sanctify them by means of the truth; your word is truth.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 17:17</a>; ftn.) “Sanctify them” can also mean “set them apart.” When we accept the truth, we are set apart from the world because we no longer fit into its mold. People view us differently because our values have changed. We live by the standards of Bible truth. Though we do not want to cause division, some friends and close family members may distance themselves from us or even oppose our newfound faith. This does not surprise us. Jesus acknowledged: “Indeed, a man’s enemies will be those of his own household.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 10:36</a>) He also gave assurance that the rewards for buying truth far exceed any price we may pay. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>6 ¶11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Mark 10:29, 30)</strong></a> Jesus said: “Truly I say to you, no one has left house or brothers or sisters or mother or father or children or fields for my sake and for the sake of the good news <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>who will not get 100 times more now in this period of time*—houses, brothers, sisters, mothers, children, and fields, with persecutions—and in the coming system of things, everlasting life.</p><p></p><p>Or “in the present time.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 17:17)</strong></a> Sanctify them by means of the truth; your word is truth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 10:36)</strong></a> Indeed, a man’s enemies will be those of his own household.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
