<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, November 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38">Friday, November 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class="themeScrp"><em>Happy is the people whose God is Jehovah!​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 144:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">Being the Source of happiness, God wants us to be happy, and he gives us many reasons to rejoice. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Deut. 12:7;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Eccl. 3:12, 13</a>) In today’s world, though, being happy may be a challenge. Why? Stressful events​—such as when a loved one dies or is disfellowshipped or when faced with a divorce or the loss of a job—​can rob us of happiness. Domestic strife and a breakdown in peaceful communication can erode our sense of well-being. Ridicule by workmates or classmates, religious persecution, or imprisonment can undermine our happiness. So can deteriorating health, chronic illness, or depression. Nevertheless, Jesus Christ, “the happy and only Potentate,” delighted in bringing comfort and happiness to people. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Tim. 6:15;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Matt. 11:28-30</a>) In his Sermon on the Mount, Jesus identified a number of qualities that can contribute to our happiness despite distressing trials in Satan’s world. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>17-18 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 144:15)</strong></a> Happy is the people for whom it is this way! Happy is the people whose God is Jehovah!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Deut. 12:7)</strong></a> You and your households must eat there before Jehovah your God and rejoice in all your undertakings, because Jehovah your God has blessed you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eccl. 3:12, 13)</strong></a> I have concluded that there is nothing better for them than to rejoice and to do good during their life, <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>also that everyone should eat and drink and find enjoyment for all his hard work. It is the gift of God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 6:15)</strong></a> which the happy and only Potentate will show in its own appointed times. He is the King of those who rule as kings and Lord of those who rule as lords,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:28-30)</strong></a> Come to me, all you who are toiling* and loaded down, and I will refresh you. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>Take my yoke upon you and learn from me,* for I am mild-tempered and lowly in heart, and you will find refreshment for yourselves. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>For my yoke is kindly,* and my load is light.”</p><p></p><p>Or “struggling hard.” Or possibly, “weary; tired.”</p><p>Or “become my disciples (learners).”</p><p>Or “easy to bear; pleasant.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
