<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, November 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Friday, November 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>The dragon became enraged at the woman and went off to wage war with the remaining ones of her offspring.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rev. 12:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">In addition to offering bait, Satan tries to bully us into compromising our loyalty to Jehovah. For example, he can maneuver governments into banning our preaching work. Or he can prompt our associates at work or in school to mock us because of our desire to live by the Bible’s moral standards. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Pet. 4:4</a>) He might also influence well-meaning family members to discourage us from attending meetings. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 10:36</a>) How can we cope? First, we must expect this kind of direct assault​—Satan is at war with us. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rev. 2:10</a>) Then, we need to see the bigger issue behind such incidents​—Satan claims that we serve Jehovah only when it is convenient. He says that if we are pressured, we will turn our back on God. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Job 1:9-11;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 2:4, 5</a>) Finally, we have to rely on Jehovah for strength to face the issue. Remember, he will never abandon us.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Heb. 13:5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>26 ¶14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rev. 12:17)</strong></a> So the dragon became enraged at the woman and went off to wage war with the remaining ones of her offspring,* who observe the commandments of God and have the work of bearing witness concerning Jesus.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 4:4)</strong></a> They are puzzled that you do not continue running with them in the same decadent course of debauchery, so they speak abusively of you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 10:36)</strong></a> Indeed, a man’s enemies will be those of his own household.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rev. 2:10)</strong></a> Do not be afraid of the things you are about to suffer. Look! The Devil will keep on throwing some of you into prison so that you may be fully put to the test, and you will have tribulation for ten days. Prove yourself faithful even to death, and I will give you the crown of life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Job 1:9-11)</strong></a> At that Satan answered Jehovah: “Is it for nothing that Job has feared God? <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Have you not put up a protective hedge around him and his house and everything he has? You have blessed the work of his hands, and his livestock has spread out in the land. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>But, for a change, stretch out your hand and strike everything he has, and he will surely curse you to your very face.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Job 2:4, 5)</strong></a> But Satan answered Jehovah: “Skin for skin. A man will give everything that he has for his life.* <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>But, for a change, stretch out your hand and strike his bone and flesh, and he will surely curse you to your very face.”</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:5)</strong></a> Let your way of life be free of the love of money, while you are content with the present things. For he has said: “I will never leave you, and I will never abandon you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
