<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, November 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Friday, November 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>I will not renounce my integrity!​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Job 27:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">Must we be perfect in order to have integrity? After all, we may feel that we are less than sound, or even very flawed. We need not fear, for Jehovah does not focus on our flaws. His Word tells us: “If errors were what you watch, O Jah, then who, O Jehovah, could stand?” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 130:3</a>) He knows that we are imperfect, sinful humans, and he forgives us generously. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 86:5</a>) Also, Jehovah knows our limitations, and he does not expect more of us than we can do. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 103:12-14</a>) For servants of Jehovah, the key to integrity is love. Our love for God, our loyal devotion to him as our heavenly Father, must remain complete, sound, or whole. If our love remains like that even when we are tested, then we have integrity. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Chron. 28:9;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Matt. 22:37</a>) We know that Jehovah has righteous standards, and our minds are focused on what pleases our heavenly Father. Our love for him moves us to put him first in the decisions we make and thus display our integrity. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>3 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Job 27:5)</strong></a> It is unthinkable for me to declare you men righteous! Until I die, I will not renounce* my integrity!</p><p></p><p>Or “I will not take away from myself; I will maintain.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 130:3)</strong></a> If errors were what you watch,* O Jah,* Then who, O Jehovah, could stand?</p><p></p><p>Or “keep track of.”</p><p>“Jah” is a shortened form of the name Jehovah.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 86:5)</strong></a> For you, O Jehovah, are good and ready to forgive; You abound in loyal love for all those who call on you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 103:12-14)</strong></a> As far off as the sunrise is from the sunset, So far off from us he has put our transgressions. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>As a father shows mercy to his sons, Jehovah has shown mercy to those who fear him. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>For he well knows how we are formed, Remembering that we are dust.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Chron. 28:9)</strong></a> “And you, Solʹo·mon my son, know the God of your father and serve him with a complete* heart and with a delightful* soul,* for Jehovah searches through all hearts, and he discerns every inclination of the thoughts. If you search for him, he will let himself be found by you, but if you leave him, he will reject you forever.</p><p></p><p>Or “completely devoted.”</p><p>Or “willing.”</p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Matt. 22:37)</strong></a> He said to him: “‘You must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
