<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, November 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Wednesday, November 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="themeScrp"><em>Unless you get circumcised . . . , you cannot be saved.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 15:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">Under Christ’s direction, the governing body made it clear that non-Jewish Christians did not need to be circumcised. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 15:19, 20</a>) But years after this decision, many Jewish believers continued to circumcise their children. We may wonder, though, ‘Why did Jesus allow this issue to remain unsettled for such a long time when his death had abolished the Mosaic Law?’ (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Col. 2:13, 14</a>) For some, it takes time to adjust to a clarification in understanding. Jewish Christians needed sufficient time to adjust their viewpoint. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">John 16:12</a>) Some found it hard to accept that circumcision was no longer a sign of a special relationship with God. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Gen. 17:9-12</a>) Others, out of fear of persecution, were reluctant to stand out in Jewish communities. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Gal. 6:12</a>) In time, though, Christ provided further guidance through inspired letters written by Paul.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Rom. 2:28, 29;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> Gal. 3:23-25</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.10 </em>24-25 ¶10-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 15:1)</strong></a> Now some men came down from Ju·deʹa and began to teach the brothers: “Unless you get circumcised according to the custom of Moses, you cannot be saved.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 15:19, 20)</strong></a> Therefore, my decision is not to trouble those from the nations who are turning to God, <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>but to write them to abstain from things polluted by idols, from sexual immorality, from what is strangled, and from blood.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Col. 2:13, 14)</strong></a> Furthermore, though you were dead in your trespasses and in the uncircumcised state of your flesh, God made you alive together with him. He kindly forgave us all our trespasses <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>and erased* the handwritten document that consisted of decrees and was in opposition to us. He has taken it out of the way by nailing it to the torture stake.*</p><p></p><p>Or “blotted out.”</p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 16:12)</strong></a> “I still have many things to say to you, but you are not able to bear them now.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Gen. 17:9-12)</strong></a> God said further to Abraham: “As for you, you are to keep my covenant, you and your offspring* after you throughout their generations. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>This is my covenant between me and you, that you and your offspring* after you will keep: Every male among you must get circumcised. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>You must circumcise the flesh of your foreskins, and it will serve as a sign of the covenant between me and you. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>Throughout your generations, every male among you eight days old must be circumcised, anyone who is born in the house and anyone who is not one of your offspring* and who was purchased with money from a foreigner.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:12)</strong></a> All those who want to make a good impression in the flesh* are the ones who try to compel you to get circumcised, doing so only to avoid being persecuted for the torture stake* of the Christ.</p><p></p><p>Or “who want to look good outwardly.”</p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Rom. 2:28, 29)</strong></a> For he is not a Jew who is one on the outside, nor is circumcision something on the outside, on the flesh. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>But he is a Jew who is one on the inside, and his circumcision is that of the heart by spirit and not by a written code. That person’s praise comes from God, not from people.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Gal. 3:23-25)</strong></a> However, before the faith arrived, we were being guarded under law, being handed over into custody, looking to the faith that was about to be revealed. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>So the Law became our guardian* leading to Christ, so that we might be declared righteous through faith. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>But now that the faith has arrived, we are no longer under a guardian.*</p><p></p><p>Or “tutor.”</p><p>Or “tutor.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
