<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, November 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Saturday, November 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>Should we not . . . submit ourselves to the Father of our spiritual life?​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 12:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">By water baptism, we formally and publicly acknowledge Jehovah’s ownership of us and our willingness to subject ourselves to him. Jesus did something similar when at his baptism he, in effect, said to Jehovah: “To do your will, O my God, is my desire.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 40:7, 8</a>, ftn.) How did Jehovah respond to Jesus’ baptism? The Bible account says: “After being baptized, Jesus immediately came up from the water; and look! the heavens were opened up, and he saw God’s spirit descending like a dove and coming upon him. Look! Also, a voice from the heavens said: ‘This is my Son, the beloved, whom I have approved.’” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 3:16, 17</a>) Although Jesus already belonged to his heavenly Father, Jehovah was delighted to see his Son’s willingness to do His will exclusively. Jehovah is likewise pleased to accept our dedication, and he will honor us with his blessing.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 149:4</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>23 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 12:9)</strong></a> Furthermore, our human fathers* used to discipline us, and we gave them respect. Should we not more readily submit ourselves to the Father of our spiritual life and live?</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the fathers of our flesh.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 40:7, 8)</strong></a> Then I said: “Look, I have come. In the scroll* it is written about me.  <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>To do your will, O my God, is my delight,* And your law is deep within me.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the scroll of the book.”</p><p>Or “desire.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 3:16, 17)</strong></a> After being baptized, Jesus immediately came up from the water; and look! the heavens were opened up, and he saw God’s spirit descending like a dove and coming upon him. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Look! Also, a voice from the heavens said: “This is my Son, the beloved, whom I have approved.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 149:4)</strong></a> For Jehovah takes pleasure in his people. He adorns the meek with salvation.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
