<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, November 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020010"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Tuesday, November 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class="themeScrp"><em>He must write out a certificate of divorce for her . . . and dismiss her from his house.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Deut. 24:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">An Israelite man could divorce his wife if “he found something indecent about her.” The Law did not describe what was meant by “indecent.” It must have been something shameful or serious, not some petty offense. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Deut. 23:14</a>) Sadly, by Jesus’ day many Jews divorced “on every sort of grounds.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 19:3</a>) We would surely not want to adopt their attitude. The prophet Malachi revealed God’s view of divorce. That was at a time when it was common for a man treacherously to divorce ‘the wife of his youth,’ maybe to marry a younger, pagan woman. Regarding God’s view, Malachi wrote: “I hate divorce.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Mal. 2:14-16</a>) That was in line with what God’s Word says about the first marriage: “[A man] will stick to his wife, and they will become one flesh.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Gen. 2:24</a>) Jesus upheld his Father’s view of marriage, saying: “What God has yoked together, let no man put apart.”​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Matt. 19:6</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020010-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>11 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Deut. 24:1)</strong></a> “If a man marries a woman but she does not please him because he found something indecent about her, he must write out a certificate of divorce for her, hand it to her, and dismiss her from his house.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Deut. 23:14)</strong></a> For Jehovah your God is walking about within your camp to deliver you and to hand over your enemies to you, and your camp must be holy, so that he does not see anything indecent in you and turn away from accompanying you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 19:3)</strong></a> And Pharisees came to him intent on testing him, and they asked: “Is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife on every sort of grounds?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Mal. 2:14-16)</strong></a> And you say, ‘For what reason?’ It is because Jehovah has acted as a witness between you and the wife of your youth, with whom you have dealt treacherously, although she is your partner and your wife by covenant.* <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>But there was one who did not do it, for he had what remained of the spirit. And what was that one seeking? The offspring* of God. So guard yourselves respecting your spirit, and do not deal treacherously with the wife of your youth. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>For I hate* divorce,” says Jehovah the God of Israel, “and the one who covers his garment with violence,”* says Jehovah of armies. “And guard yourselves respecting your spirit, and you must not deal treacherously.</p><p></p><p>Or “your legal wife.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Lit., “he hates.”</p><p>Or “who engages in violence.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Gen. 2:24)</strong></a> That is why a man will leave his father and his mother and he will stick to* his wife, and they will become one flesh.</p><p></p><p>Or “remain with.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Matt. 19:6)</strong></a> So that they are no longer two, but one flesh. Therefore, what God has yoked together, let no man put apart.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
