<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, December 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77"><span id="page127" class="pageNum" data-no="127" data-before-text="127"></span>Saturday, December 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class="themeScrp"><em>They embittered his spirit, and he spoke rashly with his lips.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 106:33</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">Although the Israelites provoked Jehovah, it was Moses who became embittered. His lack of self-control led him to speak without considering the consequences. Moses allowed the actions of others to distract him from keeping his eyes fixed on Jehovah. Moses handled the first incident correctly. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ex. 7:6</a>) Yet, it is possible that after dealing for decades with the rebellious Israelites, he had become tired and frustrated. Was Moses thinking mainly of his own feelings instead of how he could glorify Jehovah? If such a faithful prophet as Moses could be distracted and stumbled, the same thing could easily happen to us. Like Moses, we are about to enter a symbolic land, the new world that Jehovah has promised us. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Pet. 3:13</a>) None of us want to miss out on that special privilege. To fulfill our goal, though, we need to keep our eyes fixed on Jehovah, always seeking to do his will.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 John 2:17</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>15 ¶14-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 106:33)</strong></a> They embittered his spirit, And he spoke rashly with his lips.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ex. 7:6)</strong></a> Moses and Aaron did what Jehovah had commanded them; they did just so.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 3:13)</strong></a> But there are new heavens and a new earth that we are awaiting according to his promise, and in these righteousness is to dwell.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 John 2:17)</strong></a> Furthermore, the world is passing away and so is its desire, but the one who does the will of God remains forever.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
