<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, December 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59"><span id="page125" class="pageNum" data-no="125" data-before-text="125"></span>Sunday, December 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 20:35</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">Paul was referring not only to sharing material things but also to giving encouragement, guidance, and assistance to those in need of these. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 20:31-35</a>) By word and example, the apostle taught us to give of ourselves​—our time, our energy, our attention, our love. Researchers in the field of social sciences have also observed that giving makes people happy. According to one article, “people report a significant happiness boost after doing kind deeds for others.” Helping others, researchers say, is important to developing “a greater sense of purpose and meaning” in life “because it fulfills basic human needs.” Hence, experts often recommend that people volunteer for public service to enhance their own health and happiness. This comes as no surprise to those who accept the Bible as the Word of mankind’s loving Designer, Jehovah.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Tim. 3:16, 17</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>22 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 20:35)</strong></a> I have shown you in all things that by working hard in this way, you must assist those who are weak and must keep in mind the words of the Lord Jesus, when he himself said: ‘There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 20:31-35)</strong></a> “Therefore keep awake, and bear in mind that for three years, night and day, I never stopped admonishing each one of you with tears. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>And now I entrust you to God and to the word of his undeserved kindness, which word can build you up and give you the inheritance among all the sanctified ones. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>I have desired no man’s silver or gold or clothing. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>You yourselves know that these hands have provided for my own needs and the needs of those with me. <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>I have shown you in all things that by working hard in this way, you must assist those who are weak and must keep in mind the words of the Lord Jesus, when he himself said: ‘There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:16, 17)</strong></a> All Scripture is inspired of God and beneficial for teaching, for reproving, for setting things straight,* for disciplining in righteousness, <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>so that the man of God may be fully competent, completely equipped for every good work.</p><p></p><p>Or “correcting.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
