<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, December 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Monday, December 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class="themeScrp"><em>Commit to Jehovah whatever you do, and your plans will succeed.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 16:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">Suppose you plan to travel to a distant town for an important event. Getting there requires a long journey by bus. At the bus station, there are many buses. You need to board the bus that is going to your chosen destination! Boarding a bus going anywhere else would mean that you would head in the wrong direction. Adolescents today face a similar situation: a long journey, not by bus, but in life. At times they may feel overwhelmed by the opportunities and decisions that confront them. Youths, you can make it easier for yourselves if you have a good idea where you want to go in life. Will you focus your life on your desire to please Jehovah? That means including him in all aspects of life​—education, employment, family responsibilities, and so on. And it means reaching out for spiritual goals. Young people who keep focused on serving Jehovah can be sure of his blessing in making a success of life. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>25 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 16:3)</strong></a> Commit to Jehovah whatever you do,* And your plans will succeed.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “Roll to Jehovah your works.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
