<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, December 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5"><span id="page119" class="pageNum" data-no="119" data-before-text="119"></span>Wednesday, December 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>Strike everything he has, and he will surely curse you to your very face.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Job 1:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">Satan attacked Job’s belongings, robbing him of his wealth, his servants, and his reputation in the community. He attacked Job’s family, robbing him of his ten beloved children. Then he attacked Job’s body, robbing him of his health by afflicting him with painful boils that covered him from head to foot. Job’s wife was distraught and overwhelmed with grief; she urged him to give up, to curse God and die. Job himself wished for death, but still he kept his integrity. Then Satan tried a different method of attack. He used three men who were companions of Job. The men visited Job for days, but they offered no comfort. Instead they heartlessly lectured and scolded him. They claimed that God was behind his troubles and cared nothing about his integrity. They even suggested that Job was a wicked man who deserved the terrible things that were happening to him!​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Job 1:13-22;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 2:7-11;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 15:4, 5;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 22:3-6;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 25:4-6</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>4 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Job 1:11)</strong></a> But, for a change, stretch out your hand and strike everything he has, and he will surely curse you to your very face.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Job 1:13-22)</strong></a> Now on the day when his sons and daughters were eating and drinking wine in their oldest brother’s house, <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>a messenger came to Job and said: “The cattle were plowing and the donkeys were grazing beside them <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>when the Sa·beʹans attacked and took them, and they killed the servants with the sword. I am the only one who escaped to tell you.” <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>While he was still speaking, another one came and said: “Fire from God* fell from the heavens and blazed among the sheep and the servants and consumed them! I am the only one who escaped to tell you.” <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>While he was still speaking, another one came and said: “The Chal·deʹans formed three bands and made a raid on the camels and took them, and they killed the servants with the sword. I am the only one who escaped to tell you.” <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>While he was still speaking, yet another one came and said: “Your sons and your daughters were eating and drinking wine in their oldest brother’s house. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Suddenly a great wind came from the wilderness, and it struck the four corners of the house, so that it fell on the young people and they were killed. I am the only one who escaped to tell you.” <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>At that Job got up and ripped apart his garment and cut the hair off his head; then he fell to the ground and bowed down <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>and said: “Naked I came out of my mother’s womb, And naked I will return. Jehovah has given, and Jehovah has taken away. Let the name of Jehovah continue to be praised.” <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>In all of this, Job did not sin or accuse God of doing anything wrong.*</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “Lightning.”</p><p>Or “ascribe anything improper to God.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Job 2:7-11)</strong></a> So Satan went out from the presence* of Jehovah and struck Job with painful boils* from the sole of his foot to the crown of his head. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>And Job took a piece of broken pottery to scrape himself, and he was sitting among the ashes. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Finally his wife said to him: “Are you still holding firmly to your integrity? Curse God and die!” <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>But he said to her: “You are talking like one of the senseless women. Should we accept only what is good from the true God and not accept also what is bad?” In all of this, Job did not sin with his lips. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>Three companions* of Job heard about all the calamities that had come upon him, and each came from his own place—Elʹi·phaz the Teʹman·ite, Bilʹdad the Shuʹhite, and Zoʹphar the Naʹa·ma·thite. So they agreed to meet together to go and sympathize with Job and comfort him.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “face.”</p><p>Or “with severe ulcers.”</p><p>Or “acquaintances.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Job 15:4, 5)</strong></a> For you undermine the fear of God, And you diminish any concern for God.  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>For your error dictates what you say,* And you choose crafty speech.</p><p></p><p>Or “your error trains your mouth.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Job 22:3-6)</strong></a> Does the Almighty care* that you are righteous, Or does he gain anything because you follow the course of integrity?  <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Will he punish you And enter into judgment with you for your reverence?  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>Is it not because your own wickedness is so great And there is no end to your errors?  <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>For you seize a pledge from your brothers for no reason, And you strip people of their garments, leaving them naked.*</p><p></p><p>Or “Does it delight the Almighty.”</p><p>Lit., “strip off garments of the naked.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Job 25:4-6)</strong></a> So how can mortal man be righteous before God, Or how can one born of a woman be innocent?*  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>Even the moon is not bright And the stars are not pure in his eyes,  <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>How much less so mortal man, who is a maggot, And a son of man, who is a worm!”</p><p></p><p>Or “pure.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
