<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, December 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Thursday, December 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class="themeScrp"><em>What God has yoked together, let no man put apart.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 19:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">Someone might ask, ‘Is there ever a basis for a Christian to divorce and remarry?’ Well, Jesus stated his view on divorce: “Whoever divorces his wife and marries another commits adultery against her, and if ever a woman after divorcing her husband marries another, she commits adultery.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Mark 10:11, 12;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Luke 16:18</a>) Clearly, Jesus thus honored marriage and wanted others to do so. A man divorcing his faithful wife (or a woman, her faithful husband) on some pretext and marrying another was committing adultery. This is true because merely divorcing one’s mate does not end the marriage. In God’s eyes, the two would still be “one flesh.” Moreover, Jesus said that a man’s divorcing his innocent wife would make her subject to adultery. How so? Back then, a divorced woman might feel compelled to remarry in order to gain financial support. Such a remarriage would amount to adultery. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>11 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 19:6)</strong></a> So that they are no longer two, but one flesh. Therefore, what God has yoked together, let no man put apart.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Mark 10:11, 12)</strong></a> He said to them: “Whoever divorces his wife and marries another commits adultery against her, <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>and if ever a woman after divorcing her husband marries another, she commits adultery.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 16:18)</strong></a> “Everyone who divorces his wife and marries another commits adultery, and whoever marries a woman divorced from her husband commits adultery.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
