<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, December 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23"><span id="page121" class="pageNum" data-no="121" data-before-text="121"></span>Tuesday, December 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class="themeScrp"><em>Lord, whom shall we go away to? You have sayings of everlasting life.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 6:68</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">Some today have been stumbled by an adjusted understanding of a Bible passage. Others have taken sides with apostates and other opposers who misrepresent our beliefs. As a result, some have deliberately begun “drawing away” from Jehovah and the congregation. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 3:12-14</a>) How much better it would have been if they had maintained their faith and kept their confidence in Jesus, as the apostle Peter did! Others have left the truth gradually, perhaps without even noticing what was happening. A person who gradually leaves the truth is like a boat that slowly slips away from the riverbank. The Bible describes such a slow change as ‘drifting away.’ (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Heb. 2:1</a>) Unlike one who intentionally draws away from the truth, one who drifts away does not do so deliberately. However, such a person strains his relationship with Jehovah and is in danger of losing it. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>9 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 6:68)</strong></a> Simon Peter answered him: “Lord, whom shall we go away to? You have sayings of everlasting life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 3:12-14)</strong></a> Beware, brothers, for fear there should ever develop in any one of you a wicked heart lacking faith by drawing away from the living God; <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>but keep on encouraging one another each day, as long as it is called “Today,” so that none of you should become hardened by the deceptive power of sin. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>For we actually become partakers of* the Christ only if we hold firmly down to the end the confidence we had at the beginning.</p><p></p><p>Or “have a sharing with.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 2:1)</strong></a> That is why it is necessary for us to pay more than the usual attention to the things we have heard, so that we never drift away.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
