<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, December 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41"><span id="page123" class="pageNum" data-no="123" data-before-text="123"></span>Monday, December 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>He . . . sold all the things he had and bought it.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 13:46</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">To show how precious the truth of God’s Kingdom is to those who find it, Jesus told about a traveling merchant who was searching for fine pearls. He found one of such high value that he “promptly sold” everything he had to buy it. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 13:45, 46</a>) Similarly, the truth we found​—the truth of God’s Kingdom and all the other precious truths we learned from God’s Word—​is of such high value to us that we willingly and promptly made the sacrifices needed to obtain it. As long as we value the truth, we will “never sell it.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 23:23</a>) Sadly, though, some of God’s people have lost sight of the value of the truth they obtained​—and have even sold it. May that never happen to us! To show that we deeply treasure the truth and that we would never sell it, we must heed the Bible’s admonition to “go on walking in the truth.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">3 John 2-4</a>) To walk in the truth involves living it​—giving it priority in our lives and conducting ourselves in harmony with it. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>9 ¶3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 13:46)</strong></a> Upon finding one pearl of high value, he went away and promptly sold all the things he had and bought it.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 13:45, 46)</strong></a> “Again the Kingdom of the heavens is like a traveling merchant seeking fine pearls. <strong><sup>46 </sup></strong>Upon finding one pearl of high value, he went away and promptly sold all the things he had and bought it.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 23:23)</strong></a> Buy* truth and never sell it, Also wisdom and discipline and understanding.</p><p></p><p>Or “Acquire.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(3 John 2-4)</strong></a> Beloved one, I pray that in all things you continue to prosper and enjoy good health, just as you are* now prospering. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>For I rejoiced very much when brothers came and bore witness about the truth you hold, as you go on walking in the truth. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>No greater joy* do I have than this: that I should hear that my children go on walking in the truth.</p><p></p><p>Or “your soul is.”</p><p>Or possibly, “cause for thankfulness.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
