<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, December 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8">Thursday, December 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class="themeScrp"><em>The fear of Jehovah is the beginning of wisdom.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 111:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">Some kinds of fear are good for us. For example, we need to have a healthy fear of displeasing Jehovah. If Adam and Eve had developed that type of fear, they would not have rebelled against Jehovah. But they did rebel. After they did so, their eyes were opened in that they became fully aware that they were sinners. They could only pass sin and death on to their children. Because they could see, or understand, their condition, they became ashamed of their nakedness and covered themselves. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 3:7,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 21</a>) While we need to have a healthy fear of Jehovah, we do not need to have a morbid fear of death. Jehovah has made a way for us to gain everlasting life. If we commit a sin but are genuinely repentant, Jehovah will overlook our mistakes. He will forgive us in line with our faith in the ransom sacrifice of his Son. A primary way we show faith is by dedicating our life to God and getting baptized.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Pet. 3:21</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.03 </em>5-6 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 111:10)</strong></a> The fear of Jehovah is the beginning of wisdom. All those observing his orders* show good insight. His praise endures forever.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “them.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:7)</strong></a> Then the eyes of both of them were opened, and they realized that they were naked. So they sewed fig leaves together and made loin coverings for themselves.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:21)</strong></a> And Jehovah God made long garments from skins for Adam and for his wife, to clothe them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:21)</strong></a> Baptism, which corresponds to this, is also now saving you (not by the removing of the filth of the flesh, but by the request to God for a good conscience), through the resurrection of Jesus Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
