<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, December 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Monday, December 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>Stop judging by the outward appearance, but judge with righteous judgment.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 7:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">Through his prophecy about our Lord Jesus Christ, Isaiah warms and reassures our hearts. Isaiah foretold that Jesus would “not judge by what appears to his eyes, nor reprove simply according to what his ears hear.” He would “judge the lowly with fairness.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 11:3, 4</a>) Why is this encouraging? Because we live in a world filled with bias and prejudice. We all long for the perfect Judge, who will never judge us by our outward appearance! Each day we make judgments about people. Yet, as imperfect humans, we are not able to judge matters perfectly as Jesus does. We tend to be influenced by what appears to our eyes. Nonetheless, when Jesus was on earth, he commanded us, not to judge by “the outward appearance,” but to judge “with righteous judgment.” Clearly, Jesus wants us to be like him and not judge others by their outward appearance. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>8 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 7:24)</strong></a> Stop judging by the outward appearance, but judge with righteous judgment.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 11:3, 4)</strong></a> And he will find delight in the fear of Jehovah. He will not judge by what appears to his eyes, Nor reprove simply according to what his ears hear.  <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>He will judge the lowly with fairness,* And with uprightness he will give reproof in behalf of the meek ones of the earth. He will strike the earth with the rod of his mouth And put the wicked to death with the breath* of his lips.</p><p></p><p>Or “righteousness.”</p><p>Or “spirit.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
