<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, December 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page118" class="pageNum" data-no="118" data-before-text="118"></span><strong>December</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Tuesday, December 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp"><em>He was moved with pity for them.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Mark 6:34</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">One of the most heartwarming aspects of Jesus’ personality is his ability to understand the challenges that we imperfect humans face. While on earth, Jesus was able to “rejoice with those who rejoice” and “weep with those who weep.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 12:15</a>) For example, when his 70 disciples returned with joy after completing a successful preaching assignment, Jesus “became overjoyed in the holy spirit.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 10:17-21</a>) On the other hand, when he saw the effect that the death of Lazarus had on those who loved him, Jesus “groaned within himself and became troubled.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">John 11:33</a>) What enabled this perfect man to be so merciful and compassionate in his dealings with sinful humans? First of all, Jesus loved people. He was “especially fond of the sons of men.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Prov. 8:31</a>) That love for people moved him to become thoroughly acquainted with the way humans think. The apostle John explains: “He knew what was in man.”​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">John 2:25</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.03 </em>20 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Mark 6:34)</strong></a> Well, on getting out, he saw a large crowd, and he was moved with pity for them, because they were as sheep without a shepherd. And he started to teach them many things.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:15)</strong></a> Rejoice with those who rejoice; weep with those who weep.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 10:17-21)</strong></a> Then the 70 returned with joy, saying: “Lord,* even the demons are made subject to us by the use of your name.” <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>At that he said to them: “I see Satan already fallen like lightning from heaven. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Look! I have given you the authority to trample underfoot serpents and scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy, and nothing at all will harm you. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>Nevertheless, do not rejoice because the spirits are made subject to you, but rejoice because your names have been written in the heavens.” <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>In that very hour he became overjoyed in the holy spirit and said: “I publicly praise you, Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because you have carefully hidden these things from wise and intellectual ones and have revealed them to young children. Yes, O Father, because this is the way you approved.</p><p></p><p>Or “Master.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 11:33)</strong></a> When Jesus saw her weeping and the Jews who had come with her weeping, he groaned within himself and became troubled.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Prov. 8:31)</strong></a> I rejoiced over his habitable earth, And I was especially fond of the sons of men.*</p><p></p><p>Or “mankind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(John 2:25)</strong></a> and because he did not need to have anyone bear witness about man, for he knew what was in man.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
