<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, December 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68"><span id="page126" class="pageNum" data-no="126" data-before-text="126"></span>Wednesday, December 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah said to Joshua . . . : “Moses my servant is dead. Now get up, cross the Jordan, you and all this people.”​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Josh. 1:1, 2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">Because Moses had been Israel’s leader for so long, Joshua may have wondered how God’s people would respond to his leadership. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Deut. 34:8,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 10-12</a>) One Bible reference work, referring to <span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Joshua 1:1, 2</a>, notes: “In both ancient and modern times a transition of leadership is one of the most precarious times in the security of a state.” Joshua must have had legitimate fears, but within a few days, he took decisive action. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Josh. 1:9-11</a>) His trust in God was not misplaced. As the Bible record shows, Jehovah actually guided Joshua and His people, Israel, by means of an angelic representative. It is reasonable to think that this angel was the Word, God’s firstborn Son. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Ex. 23:20-23;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> John 1:1</a>) With Jehovah’s help, Israel successfully navigated the transition from Moses’ leadership to that of Joshua. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.10 </em>22-23 ¶1-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Josh. 1:1, 2)</strong></a> After the death of Moses the servant of Jehovah, Jehovah said to Joshua* the son of Nun, the minister of Moses: <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>“Moses my servant is dead. Now get up, cross the Jordan, you and all this people, and go into the land that I am giving to them, to the people of Israel.</p><p></p><p>Or “Jehoshua,” meaning “Jehovah Is Salvation.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Deut. 34:8)</strong></a> The people of Israel wept for Moses on the desert plains of Moʹab for 30 days. Then the days of weeping and mourning for Moses were completed.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Deut. 34:10-12)</strong></a> But there has never again arisen a prophet in Israel like Moses, whom Jehovah knew face-to-face. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>He performed all the signs and the miracles that Jehovah had sent him to do in the land of Egypt to Pharʹaoh and all his servants and all his land, <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>along with the mighty hand and the awesome power that Moses displayed before the eyes of all Israel.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Josh. 1:1, 2)</strong></a> After the death of Moses the servant of Jehovah, Jehovah said to Joshua* the son of Nun, the minister of Moses: <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>“Moses my servant is dead. Now get up, cross the Jordan, you and all this people, and go into the land that I am giving to them, to the people of Israel.</p><p></p><p>Or “Jehoshua,” meaning “Jehovah Is Salvation.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Josh. 1:9-11)</strong></a> Have I not commanded you? Be courageous and strong. Do not be struck with terror or fear, for Jehovah your God is with you wherever you go.” <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Then Joshua commanded the officers of the people: <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>“Pass throughout the camp and give this command to the people, ‘Get provisions ready, because in three days you will cross the Jordan to go in and take possession of the land that Jehovah your God is giving you to possess.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ex. 23:20-23)</strong></a> “I am sending an angel ahead of you to guard you on the way and to bring you into the place that I have prepared. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>Pay attention to him, and obey his voice. Do not rebel against him, for he will not pardon your transgressions, because my name is in him. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>However, if you strictly obey his voice and do all that I say, I will show hostility to your enemies and oppose those who oppose you. <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>For my angel will go ahead of you and will bring you to the Amʹor·ites, the Hitʹtites, the Perʹiz·zites, the Caʹnaan·ites, the Hiʹvites, and the Jebʹu·sites, and I will annihilate them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(John 1:1)</strong></a> In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was a god.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
