<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, December 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89">Wednesday, December 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class="themeScrp"><em>Angels . . . did not keep their original position but forsook their own proper dwelling place.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jude 6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">A significant number of angels joined Satan’s rebellion. Prior to the Flood, Satan lured at least some of them into having immoral relations with the daughters of men. The Bible reveals this truth by symbolically portraying the dragon as dragging a third of the stars of heaven with him in his fall. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 6:1-4;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Rev. 12:3, 4</a>) When those angels abandoned God’s family, they put themselves under Satan’s control. These rebels, however, are not just a mob of troublemakers. Satan has set up an imitation of God’s Kingdom, with himself as king. In the invisible realm, Satan has organized the demons into governments, given them authority, and made them world rulers. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Eph. 6:12</a>) By means of his spirit organization, Satan exerts authority over all human governments. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>23 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jude 6)</strong></a> And the angels who did not keep their original position but forsook their own proper dwelling place, he has reserved with eternal bonds in dense darkness for the judgment of the great day.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:1-4)</strong></a> Now when men started to grow in number on the surface of the ground and daughters were born to them, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>the sons of the true God* began to notice that the daughters of men were beautiful. So they began taking as wives all whom they chose. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Then Jehovah said: “My spirit will not tolerate man indefinitely, because he is only flesh.* Accordingly, his days will amount to 120 years.” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>The Nephʹi·lim* were on the earth in those days and afterward. During that time the sons of the true God continued to have relations with the daughters of men, and these bore sons to them. They were the mighty ones of old times, the men of fame.</p><p></p><p>A Hebrew idiom that refers to angelic sons of God.</p><p>Or possibly, “because he acts according to the flesh.”</p><p>Possibly meaning “The Fellers,” that is, those who cause others to fall down. See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 12:3, 4)</strong></a> Another sign was seen in heaven. Look! A great fiery-colored dragon, with seven heads and ten horns and on its heads seven diadems;* <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>and its tail drags a third of the stars of heaven, and it hurled them down to the earth. And the dragon kept standing before the woman who was about to give birth, so that when she did give birth, it might devour her child.</p><p></p><p>Or “royal headbands.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:12)</strong></a> because we have a struggle,* not against blood and flesh, but against the governments, against the authorities, against the world rulers of this darkness, against the wicked spirit forces in the heavenly places.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “wrestling.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
