<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, December 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71">Thursday, December 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class="themeScrp"><em>A book of remembrance was written before him for those fearing Jehovah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Mal. 3:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">Jehovah recognizes those who willingly serve him, and he writes their names in his “book of remembrance.” Having our name inscribed in Jehovah’s “book of remembrance” as his people comes with certain obligations. Malachi specifically stated that we must ‘fear Jehovah and meditate on his name.’ Giving our worshipful devotion to anyone or anything else would result in our name being removed from Jehovah’s figurative book of life. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ex. 32:33;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Ps. 69:28</a>) Hence, our dedication to Jehovah involves much more than a solemn promise to do his will and to submit to water baptism. These actions are brief, and they quickly become part of the past. Our stand on Jehovah’s side as his people requires an ongoing demonstration of our obedience to him both in the present and in the future​—for as long as we live.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Pet. 4:1, 2</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>23-24 ¶7-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Mal. 3:16)</strong></a> At that time those who fear Jehovah spoke with one another, each one with his companion, and Jehovah kept paying attention and listening. And a book of remembrance was written before him for those fearing Jehovah and for those meditating on* his name.</p><p></p><p>Or “thinking on.” Or possibly, “treasuring.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ex. 32:33)</strong></a> However, Jehovah said to Moses: “Whoever has sinned against me, I will wipe him out of my book.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 69:28)</strong></a> Let them be erased from the book of the living,* And may they not be enrolled among the righteous.</p><p></p><p>Or “book of life.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 4:1, 2)</strong></a> Since Christ suffered in the flesh, you too arm yourselves with the same mental disposition;* because the person who has suffered in the flesh has desisted from sins, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>so that he may live the remainder of his time in the flesh, no more for the desires of men, but for God’s will.</p><p></p><p>Or “resolve; determination.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
