<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, December 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47">Wednesday, December 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class="themeScrp"><em>Lord, are you restoring the kingdom to Israel at this time?​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 1:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">Expectations about the Messiah, such as those held by Jesus’ disciples, doubtless led the people of Galilee to want Jesus to become their king. We can imagine that they were thinking that Jesus would be an ideal leader. He was an outstanding speaker; he could cure the sick; he could even supply food for the hungry. After Jesus fed about 5,000 men, he sensed the mood among the people. “Jesus, knowing that they were about to come and seize him to make him king, withdrew again to the mountain all alone.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 6:10-15</a>) The following day on the other side of the Sea of Galilee, the enthusiasm may have died down some. Jesus then explained to the crowd the true nature of his work. He had come to bring spiritual, not material, benefits to the nation. “Work, not for the food that perishes, but for the food that remains for everlasting life,” he told them.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 6:25-27</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>4 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 1:6)</strong></a> So when they had assembled, they asked him: “Lord, are you restoring the kingdom to Israel at this time?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 6:10-15)</strong></a> Jesus said: “Have the people sit down.” As there was a lot of grass in that place, the men sat down there, about 5,000 in number. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>Jesus took the bread, and after giving thanks, he distributed it to those who were sitting there; he did likewise with the small fish, and they had as much as they wanted. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>But when they had eaten their fill, he said to his disciples: “Gather together the fragments left over, so that nothing is wasted.” <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>So they gathered them together and filled 12 baskets with fragments left over by those who had eaten from the five barley loaves. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>When the people saw the sign he performed, they began to say: “This really is the Prophet who was to come into the world.” <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Then Jesus, knowing that they were about to come and seize him to make him king, withdrew again to the mountain all alone.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 6:25-27)</strong></a> When they found him across the sea, they said to him: “Rabbi, when did you get here?” <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>Jesus answered them: “Most truly I say to you, you are looking for me, not because you saw signs, but because you ate from the loaves and were satisfied. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>Work, not for the food that perishes, but for the food that remains for everlasting life, which the Son of man will give you; for on this one the Father, God himself, has put his seal of approval.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
