<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, December 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Friday, December 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class="themeScrp"><em>There was not a man left of them except Caleb the son of Jephunneh and Joshua the son of Nun.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Num. 26:65</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">The Israelites had many reasons for showing appreciation. They were freed from slavery after Jehovah brought the Ten Plagues on Egypt. Then God saved them from disaster by destroying the entire Egyptian army in the Red Sea. The Israelites were so grateful that they sang a victory song of praises to Jehovah. But did they remain grateful? When the Israelites encountered new challenges, they soon forgot about all the good things Jehovah had done for them. They then revealed their lack of appreciation. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 106:7</a>) How? “The entire assembly of the Israelites began to murmur against Moses and Aaron”​—in reality, murmuring against Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ex. 16:2,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 8</a>) He was disappointed with the ungrateful attitude his people showed. He later foretold that this entire generation of Israelites would perish in the wilderness, with the exception of Joshua and Caleb.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Num. 14:22-24</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>17 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Num. 26:65)</strong></a> For Jehovah had said concerning them: “They will die without fail in the wilderness.” So there was not a man left of them except Caʹleb the son of Je·phunʹneh and Joshua the son of Nun.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 106:7)</strong></a> Our forefathers in Egypt did not appreciate* your wonderful works. They did not remember your abundant loyal love, But they rebelled at the sea, by the Red Sea.</p><p></p><p>Or “grasp the meaning of.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ex. 16:2)</strong></a> Then the entire assembly of the Israelites began to murmur against Moses and Aaron in the wilderness.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ex. 16:8)</strong></a> Moses continued: “When Jehovah gives you meat to eat in the evening and in the morning bread to satisfaction, you will see that Jehovah has heard your murmurings that you are murmuring against him. But who are we? Your murmurings are not against us, but against Jehovah.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Num. 14:22-24)</strong></a> However, not one of the men who have seen my glory and my signs that I performed in Egypt and in the wilderness and yet have kept testing me these ten times and have not listened to my voice <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>will ever see the land about which I swore to their fathers. No, not one of those treating me without respect will see it. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>But because my servant Caʹleb had a different spirit and kept following after me wholeheartedly, I will certainly bring him into the land where he went, and his offspring will take possession of it.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
