<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, December 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Friday, December 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="themeScrp"><em>Now that we have moved beyond the primary doctrine about the Christ, let us press on to maturity.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 6:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">This does not happen automatically. We need to “press on,” or keep working at it. Growing to maturity involves advancing to an increased level of knowledge and insight. That is why we have repeatedly been encouraged to read a portion of the Bible daily. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 1:1-3</a>) Have you made that a personal goal? Doing such reading can give you greater insight into Jehovah’s laws and principles and a deeper understanding of God’s Word. The foremost law for Christians is the law of love. Jesus told his disciples: “By this all will know that you are my disciples​—if you have love among yourselves.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 13:35</a>) Jesus’ half brother James called love “the royal law.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Jas. 2:8</a>) Paul said: “Love is the law’s fulfillment.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Rom. 13:10</a>) This emphasis on love is not surprising, since the Bible tells us that “God is love.”​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">1 John 4:8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>19 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 6:1)</strong></a> Therefore, now that we have moved beyond the primary doctrine about the Christ, let us press on to maturity, not laying a foundation again, namely, repentance from dead works and faith in God,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 1:1-3)</strong></a> Happy is the man who does not walk according to the advice of the wicked And does not stand on the path of sinners And does not sit in the seat of scoffers.  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>But his delight is in the law of Jehovah, And he reads His law in an undertone* day and night.  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>He will be like a tree planted by streams of water, A tree that produces fruit in its season, The foliage of which does not wither. And everything he does will succeed.</p><p></p><p>Or “he meditates on His law.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 13:35)</strong></a> By this all will know that you are my disciples—if you have love among yourselves.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Jas. 2:8)</strong></a> If, now, you carry out the royal* law according to the scripture, “You must love your neighbor as yourself,” you are doing quite well.</p><p></p><p>Or “kingly.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rom. 13:10)</strong></a> Love does not work evil to one’s neighbor; therefore, love is the law’s fulfillment.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 John 4:8)</strong></a> Whoever does not love has not come to know God, because God is love.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
