<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, December 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50"><span id="page124" class="pageNum" data-no="124" data-before-text="124"></span>Thursday, December¬Ý17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="themeScrp"><em>No crushed reed will he break, and no smoldering wick will he extinguish.‚Äã‚Äî</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 42:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">Jesus understood the feelings of those who were figuratively like a bruised reed or the wick of an oil lamp about to go out. As a result, he was considerate, kind, and patient. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Mark 10:14</a>) Of course, we do not have Jesus‚Äô insight and teaching ability! But we can‚Äã‚Äîand should‚Äî‚Äãbe considerate of the people in our territory. That includes how we speak to them, when we do so, and for how long. Today, countless millions have been ‚Äúskinned and thrown about‚Äù by corrupt and heartless commercial, political, and religious leaders. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 9:36</a>) As a result, many people are cynical and without hope. How important, then, that we be kind and compassionate in our choice of words and also in our tone of voice! Indeed, many are drawn to our message not only because of our Bible knowledge or sound reasoning but also because of our genuine interest in them and our thoughtful manner. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>31-32 ¬∂13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 42:3)</strong></a> No crushed reed will he break, And no smoldering wick will he extinguish. In faithfulness he will bring justice.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Mark 10:14)</strong></a> At seeing this, Jesus was indignant and said to them: ‚ÄúLet the young children come to me; do not try to stop them, for the Kingdom of God belongs to such ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 9:36)</strong></a> On seeing the crowds, he felt pity for them, because they were skinned and thrown about like sheep without a shepherd.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
