<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, December 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38">Sunday, December 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class="themeScrp"><em>Satan answered Jehovah: “Is it for nothing that Job has feared God? . . . Stretch out your hand and strike everything he has, and he will surely curse you to your very face.”​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Job 1:9,</a></em><span id="citationsource2"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2"> 11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">What makes integrity so vital that each of us needs it? You need integrity because Satan has challenged Jehovah, and he has challenged you. That rebellious angel smeared Jehovah’s good name by implying that God is a bad, selfish, and dishonest Ruler. Sadly, Adam and Eve sided with Satan, rebelling against Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 3:1-6</a>) Life in Eden had given them countless opportunities to strengthen their love for Jehovah. But at the time of Satan’s challenge, their love was not complete, sound, or whole. Another question arose: Would any humans remain loyal to Jehovah God out of love for him? In other words, are humans capable of showing integrity? That question came to the fore in the case of Job. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Job 1:8-11</a>) Like us, the man was imperfect. He made mistakes. However, Jehovah loved Job for his integrity. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>3-4 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Job 1:9)</strong></a> At that Satan answered Jehovah: “Is it for nothing that Job has feared God?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Job 1:11)</strong></a> But, for a change, stretch out your hand and strike everything he has, and he will surely curse you to your very face.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:1-6)</strong></a> Now the serpent was the most cautious* of all the wild animals of the field that Jehovah God had made. So it said to the woman: “Did God really say that you must not eat from every tree of the garden?” <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>At this the woman said to the serpent: “We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>But God has said about the fruit of the tree that is in the middle of the garden: ‘You must not eat from it, no, you must not touch it; otherwise you will die.’” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>At this the serpent said to the woman: “You certainly will not die. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>For God knows that in the very day you eat from it, your eyes will be opened and you will be like God, knowing good and bad.” <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>Consequently, the woman saw that the tree was good for food and that it was something desirable to the eyes, yes, the tree was pleasing to look at. So she began taking of its fruit and eating it. Afterward, she also gave some to her husband when he was with her, and he began eating it.</p><p></p><p>Or “shrewdest; craftiest.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Job 1:8-11)</strong></a> And Jehovah said to Satan: “Have you taken note of* my servant Job? There is no one like him on the earth. He is an upright man of integrity,* fearing God and shunning what is bad.” <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>At that Satan answered Jehovah: “Is it for nothing that Job has feared God? <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Have you not put up a protective hedge around him and his house and everything he has? You have blessed the work of his hands, and his livestock has spread out in the land. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>But, for a change, stretch out your hand and strike everything he has, and he will surely curse you to your very face.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “set your heart upon.”</p><p>Or “a blameless and upright man.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
