<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, December 31
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p92" data-pid="92">Thursday, December 31</h2>
</header>
<p id="p93" data-pid="93" class="themeScrp"><em>I will praise Jehovah, who has given me advice. Even during the night, my innermost thoughts correct me.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 16:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p94" data-pid="94" class="p94">God’s love for us is sometimes expressed through fatherly correction. David welcomed such kindly counsel. He meditated on God’s thoughts, making them his own and allowing them to mold him. When you in faith do the same, you too will grow in love for God and in your desire to obey him. You will also gain spiritual maturity and depth. A sister named Christin said, “When I do research and meditate on what I read, I get the feeling that Jehovah had this penned just for me!” It is no exaggeration to say that a spiritual outlook on life also gives you exceptional knowledge and insight by enabling you to see the world and its future through God’s eyes. Why does God give you such knowledge and insight? He wants you to set sound priorities in your life, to make wise decisions, and to look forward to the future with confidence!​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 26:3</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>26 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p95" data-pid="95" class="p95"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 16:7)</strong></a> I will praise Jehovah, who has given me advice. Even during the night, my innermost thoughts* correct me.</p><p></p><p>Or “my deepest emotions.” Lit., “my kidneys.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 26:3)</strong></a> You will safeguard those who fully lean on you;* You will give them continuous peace, Because it is in you that they trust.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “those whose inclination is unshakable.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
