<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, December 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Tuesday, December 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class="themeScrp"><em>By faith the walls of Jericho fell down after the people had marched around them for seven days.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 11:30</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">The Israelites were commanded not to attack Jericho but to march around the city once a day for six days and seven times on the seventh day. Some soldiers may have thought, ‘What a waste of time and energy!’ But Israel’s invisible Leader knew exactly what he was doing. Not only did his strategy strengthen the faith of the Israelites but it also spared them direct confrontation with Jericho’s mighty warriors. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Josh. 6:2-5</a>) What can we learn from this account? We may not at times fully comprehend the reasons for new initiatives put forth by the organization. For example, we may at first have questioned the use of electronic devices for personal study, in the ministry, and at the meetings. Now we likely realize the benefits of using them if possible. When we see the positive results of such advancements despite any doubts we might have had, we grow in faith and unity. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.10 </em>23 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 11:30)</strong></a> By faith the walls of Jerʹi·cho fell down after the people had marched around them for seven days.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Josh. 6:2-5)</strong></a> Jehovah then said to Joshua: “See, I have handed over to you Jerʹi·cho and its king and its mighty warriors. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>All you fighting men should march around the city, going around the city once. That is what you should do for six days. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Have seven priests carry seven ram’s horns before the Ark. But on the seventh day, you should march around the city seven times and the priests should blow the horns. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>When the ram’s horn is sounded—as soon as you hear the sound* of the horn—all the people should shout a great war cry. Then the wall of the city will fall down flat, and the people must go up, each one straight ahead.”</p><p></p><p>Or “long blast.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
