<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, December 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Monday, December 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class="themeScrp"><em>Remember . . . your Grand Creator in the days of your youth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eccl. 12:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">In today’s world, that is not always easy. However, it is by no means impossible. Jehovah wants you to enjoy a truly successful and satisfying life. With God’s help, you can succeed, not just in your youth but throughout your life. To illustrate, consider a lesson we can learn from the Israelites’ conquest of the Promised Land. When the Israelites neared the Promised Land, God did not command them to sharpen their fighting skills or train for war. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Deut. 28:1, 2</a>) Rather, he told them that they needed to obey his commandments and trust in him. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Josh. 1:7-9</a>) From a human viewpoint, that advice would make no sense! But it was the very best advice, for Jehovah gave his people victory after victory over the Canaanites. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Josh. 24:11-13</a>) Yes, obedience to God calls for faith, but that faith <em>always </em>leads to success. This truth does not change with the passing of time. It is just as valid today. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>25 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eccl. 12:1)</strong></a> Remember, then, your Grand Creator in the days of your youth, before the days of distress* come and the years arrive when you will say: “I have no pleasure in them”;</p><p></p><p>Or “the calamitous days.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Deut. 28:1, 2)</strong></a> “And if you will without fail listen to the voice of Jehovah your God by being careful to do all his commandments that I am commanding you today, Jehovah your God will certainly put you high above all other nations of the earth. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>All these blessings will come upon you and overtake you, because you keep listening to the voice of Jehovah your God:</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Josh. 1:7-9)</strong></a> “Only be courageous and very strong, and observe carefully the entire Law that Moses my servant commanded you. Do not deviate from it either to the right or to the left, so that you may act wisely wherever you go. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>This book of the Law should not depart from your mouth, and you must read it in an undertone* day and night, in order to observe carefully all that is written in it; for then your way will be successful and then you will act wisely. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Have I not commanded you? Be courageous and strong. Do not be struck with terror or fear, for Jehovah your God is with you wherever you go.”</p><p></p><p>Or “meditate on it.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Josh. 24:11-13)</strong></a> “‘Then you crossed the Jordan and came to Jerʹi·cho. And the leaders* of Jerʹi·cho, the Amʹor·ites, the Perʹiz·zites, the Caʹnaan·ites, the Hitʹtites, the Girʹga·shites, the Hiʹvites, and the Jebʹu·sites fought against you, but I gave them into your hand. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>So I sent the feeling of dejection* ahead of you, and it drove them out from before you—two kings of the Amʹor·ites. It was not by your sword and not by your bow. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Thus I gave you a land for which you had not toiled and cities that you had not built, and you settled in them. You are eating from vineyards and olive groves that you did not plant.’</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “landowners.”</p><p>Or possibly, “panic; terror.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
