<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, December 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14"><span id="page120" class="pageNum" data-no="120" data-before-text="120"></span>Saturday, December 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class="themeScrp"><em>I am mild-tempered and lowly in heart.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 11:29</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">Jesus did not draw undue attention to himself by requiring an elaborate observance of his death. Instead, he told his disciples that once a year they should remember him by means of a simple meal. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 13:15;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 1 Cor. 11:23-25</a>) The simple but appropriate meal shows that Jesus was not a proud person. We can be happy that humility is one of the outstanding qualities of our heavenly King. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Phil. 2:5-8</a>) How can we imitate Jesus’ humility? By putting the interests of others ahead of our own. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Phil. 2:3, 4</a>) Think back to the final night of Jesus’ earthly life. Jesus knew that he would soon experience a painful death; yet, he was deeply concerned about his faithful apostles, who would soon be grieving for him. So he spent the last night instructing, encouraging, and reassuring them. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">John 14:25-31</a>) Jesus humbly showed more concern for the welfare of others than for himself. What an excellent example he set for us! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>21 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:29)</strong></a> Take my yoke upon you and learn from me,* for I am mild-tempered and lowly in heart, and you will find refreshment for yourselves.</p><p></p><p>Or “become my disciples (learners).”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 13:15)</strong></a> For I set the pattern for you, that just as I did to you, you should also do.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 11:23-25)</strong></a> For I received from the Lord what I also handed on to you, that the Lord Jesus on the night on which he was going to be betrayed took a loaf, <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>and after giving thanks, he broke it and said: “This means my body, which is in your behalf. Keep doing this in remembrance of me.” <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>He did the same with the cup also, after they had the evening meal, saying: “This cup means the new covenant by virtue of my blood. Keep doing this, whenever you drink it, in remembrance of me.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:5-8)</strong></a> Keep this mental attitude in you that was also in Christ Jesus, <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>who, although he was existing in God’s form, gave no consideration to a seizure, namely, that he should be equal to God. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>No, but he emptied himself and took a slave’s form and became human.* <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>More than that, when he came as a man,* he humbled himself and became obedient to the point of death, yes, death on a torture stake.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “came to be in the likeness of men.”</p><p>Lit., “when he was found in appearance as a man.”</p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:3, 4)</strong></a> Do nothing out of contentiousness or out of egotism, but with humility* consider others superior to you, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>as you look out not only for your own interests, but also for the interests of others.</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(John 14:25-31)</strong></a> “I have spoken these things to you while I am still with you. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>But the helper, the holy spirit, which the Father will send in my name, that one will teach you all things and bring back to your minds all the things I told you. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>I leave you peace; I give you my peace. I do not give it to you the way that the world gives it. Do not let your hearts be troubled nor let them shrink out of fear. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>You heard that I said to you, ‘I am going away and I am coming back to you.’ If you loved me, you would rejoice that I am going to the Father, for the Father is greater than I am. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>So now I have told you before it occurs, so that you may believe when it does occur. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>I will not speak with you much more, for the ruler of the world is coming, and he has no hold on me. <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>But for the world to know that I love the Father, I am doing just as the Father has commanded me to do. Get up, let us go from here.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
