<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, December 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86"><span id="page128" class="pageNum" data-no="128" data-before-text="128"></span>Tuesday, December 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="themeScrp"><em>Oh no, my daughter! You have broken my heart, for you have become the one I have banished.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Judg. 11:35</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">Jephthah kept his vow and sent his virgin daughter to Shiloh to serve at the tabernacle for the rest of her life. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Judg. 11:30-35</a>) However hard this was on Jephthah, it may have been harder still on his daughter, who willingly complied with her father’s decision. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Judg. 11:36, 37</a>) She thus relinquished the right to marry, to have children, and to preserve the family name and inheritance. If anyone, then, needed comfort and encouragement, she did. The Bible account states: “It became a custom in Israel: From year to year, the young women of Israel would go to give commendation to the daughter of Jephthah the Gileadite four days in the year.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Judg. 11:39, 40</a>) Do not unmarried Christians who use their singleness to give greater attention to “the things of the Lord” also deserve commendation and encouragement?​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Cor. 7:32-35</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>17 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Judg. 11:35)</strong></a> When he saw her, he ripped his garments and said: “Oh no, my daughter! You have broken my heart,* for you have become the one I have banished. Now I have opened my mouth to Jehovah, and I am unable to turn back.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “You brought me very low.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Judg. 11:30-35)</strong></a> Then Jephʹthah made a vow to Jehovah and said: “If you give the Amʹmon·ites into my hand, <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>then whoever comes out of the door of my house to meet me when I return in peace from the Amʹmon·ites will become Jehovah’s, and I will offer that one up as a burnt offering.” <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>So Jephʹthah went to fight against the Amʹmon·ites, and Jehovah gave them into his hand. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>He struck them down with a very great slaughter from A·roʹer all the way to Minʹnith—20 cities—and as far as Aʹbel-kerʹa·mim. Thus the Amʹmon·ites were subdued before the Israelites. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>Finally Jephʹthah came to his home in Mizʹpah, and look! his daughter was coming out to meet him, playing the tambourine and dancing! Now she was his one and only child. Besides her, he had neither son nor daughter. <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>When he saw her, he ripped his garments and said: “Oh no, my daughter! You have broken my heart,* for you have become the one I have banished. Now I have opened my mouth to Jehovah, and I am unable to turn back.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “You brought me very low.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Judg. 11:36, 37)</strong></a> But she said to him: “My father, if you have opened your mouth to Jehovah, do to me as you have promised, since Jehovah has executed vengeance for you upon your enemies, the Amʹmon·ites.” <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>She then said to her father: “Let this be done for me: Let me be alone for two months, and let me go away into the mountains, and let me weep over my virginity with my female companions.”*</p><p></p><p>Or “weep with my friends because I will never marry.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Judg. 11:39, 40)</strong></a> At the end of two months, she returned to her father, after which he carried out the vow he had made regarding her. She never had relations with a man. And it became a custom* in Israel: <strong><sup>40 </sup></strong>From year to year, the young women of Israel would go to give commendation to the daughter of Jephʹthah the Gilʹe·ad·ite four days in the year.</p><p></p><p>Or “regulation.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:32-35)</strong></a> Indeed, I want you to be free from anxiety. The unmarried man is anxious for the things of the Lord, how he may gain the Lord’s approval. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>But the married man is anxious for the things of the world, how he may gain the approval of his wife, <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>and he is divided. Further, the unmarried woman, as well as the virgin, is anxious for the things of the Lord, that she may be holy both in her body and in her spirit. However, the married woman is anxious for the things of the world, how she may gain the approval of her husband. <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>But I am saying this for your personal advantage, not to restrict* you, but to move you to what is appropriate and to constant devotion to the Lord without distraction.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “to cast a noose upon.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
