<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, December 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Sunday, December 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>You have conquered the wicked one.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 John 2:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">Satan cannot force people to act against their own will. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jas. 1:14</a>) Out of ignorance, many work in harmony with Satan’s purpose. But after they learn the truth, each one makes a choice as to whom he or she will serve. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 3:17;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 17:30</a>) If we are resolved to do God’s will, there is nothing Satan can do to break our integrity. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Job 2:3;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 27:5</a>) Satan and the demons have other limitations. For example, nowhere do the Scriptures indicate that they can read the mind or heart of an individual. Only Jehovah and Jesus are spoken of as having that ability. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">1 Sam. 16:7;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> Mark 2:8</a>) If we do our best to speak and act in harmony with God’s will, we can be confident that Jehovah will not allow the Devil to do us any lasting harm. (<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">Ps. 34:7</a>) We need to know our enemy, but we do not need to be terrified by him. With Jehovah’s backing, even imperfect humans can conquer Satan. If we oppose him, he will flee from us.​—<span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10">Jas. 4:7;</a><span id="citationsource11"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation11"> 1 Pet. 5:9</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>26 ¶15-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 John 2:14)</strong></a> I write you, fathers, because you have come to know him who is from the beginning. I write you, young men, because you are strong and the word of God remains in you and you have conquered the wicked one.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:14)</strong></a> But each one is tried by being drawn out and enticed* by his own desire.</p><p></p><p>Or “caught as by bait.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 3:17)</strong></a> And now, brothers, I know that you acted in ignorance, just as your rulers also did.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 17:30)</strong></a> True, God has overlooked the times of such ignorance; but now he is declaring to all people everywhere that they should repent.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Job 2:3)</strong></a> And Jehovah said to Satan: “Have you taken note of* my servant Job? There is no one like him on the earth. He is an upright man of integrity,* fearing God and shunning what is bad. He is still holding firmly to his integrity, even though you try to incite me against him to destroy* him for no reason.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “set your heart upon.”</p><p>Or “a blameless and upright man.”</p><p>Lit., “swallow.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Job 27:5)</strong></a> It is unthinkable for me to declare you men righteous! Until I die, I will not renounce* my integrity!</p><p></p><p>Or “I will not take away from myself; I will maintain.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 16:7)</strong></a> But Jehovah said to Samuel: “Do not pay attention to his appearance and how tall he is, for I have rejected him. For the way man sees is not the way God sees, because mere man sees what appears to the eyes, but Jehovah sees into the heart.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Mark 2:8)</strong></a> But immediately Jesus discerned by his spirit that they were reasoning that way among themselves, so he said to them: “Why are you reasoning these things in your hearts?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Ps. 34:7)</strong></a> The angel of Jehovah camps all around those fearing Him, And he rescues them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(Jas. 4:7)</strong></a> Therefore, subject yourselves to God; but oppose the Devil, and he will flee from you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation11"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource11">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:9)</strong></a> But take your stand against him, firm in the faith, knowing that the same kind of sufferings are being experienced by the entire association of your brothers* in the world.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “by your brotherhood.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
