<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, December 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Wednesday, December 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="themeScrp"><em>Your people will offer themselves willingly.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 110:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">Do you desire to receive further training so as to be better equipped to carry out your sacred service? If so, you may qualify to attend the School for Kingdom Evangelizers. This school gives training to spiritually-minded men and women who are in full-time service, so that they can expand theocratic interests in the field. Those who apply to attend this school need to be willing to accept any assignment when they graduate. Would you be willing to take advantage of this opportunity to reach out for greater privileges of service? (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 9:23</a>) As Jehovah’s people, we are moved to be generous​—which is a manifestation of goodness, kindness, and love—​and to care about others each day. When we do that, we gain joy, peace, and happiness. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gal. 5:22, 23</a>) Whatever your circumstances in life, you can find joy by imitating Jehovah’s generous personality and by being one of his precious fellow workers!​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Prov. 3:9, 10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>27 ¶16-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 110:3)</strong></a> Your people will offer themselves willingly on the day of your military force.* In splendid holiness, from the womb of the dawn, You have your company of young men just like dewdrops.</p><p></p><p>Or “on the day your army mobilizes.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 9:23)</strong></a> But I do all things for the sake of the good news, in order to share it with others.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gal. 5:22, 23)</strong></a> On the other hand, the fruitage of the spirit is love, joy, peace, patience,* kindness, goodness, faith, <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>mildness, self-control. Against such things there is no law.</p><p></p><p>Or “long-suffering.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 3:9, 10)</strong></a> Honor Jehovah with your valuable things, With the firstfruits* of all your produce;* <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Then your storehouses will be completely filled, And your vats* will overflow with new wine.</p><p></p><p>Or “very best.”</p><p>Or “income.”</p><p>Or “winepresses.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
