<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, December 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Sunday, December 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>Please take pleasure in my voluntary offerings of praise, O Jehovah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 119:108</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">Do you get a knot in your stomach each time you even think of raising your hand to comment? If so, you are not alone. The truth is that most of us feel some fear when we comment. Actually, those fears can be a good sign. They indicate that you are humble and view others as superior to you. Jehovah loves that quality. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 138:6;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Phil. 2:3</a>) But Jehovah also wants you to praise him and to encourage your brothers and sisters at the meetings. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Thess. 5:11</a>) He loves you and will give you the courage you need. Consider some Scriptural reminders. The Bible says that all of us make mistakes in what we say and how we say it. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Jas. 3:2</a>) Jehovah does not expect us to be perfect, and neither do our brothers and sisters. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Ps. 103:12-14</a>) They are our spiritual family, and they love us. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Mark 10:29, 30;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> John 13:35</a>) They understand that our comments at times do not come out exactly right. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>8 ¶3;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation2"> 10-11 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:108)</strong></a> Please take pleasure in my voluntary offerings of praise,* O Jehovah, And teach me your judgments.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the voluntary offerings of my mouth.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 138:6)</strong></a> Though Jehovah is high, he takes note of the humble, But the haughty he knows only from a distance.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:3)</strong></a> Do nothing out of contentiousness or out of egotism, but with humility* consider others superior to you,</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:11)</strong></a> Therefore, keep encouraging* one another and building one another up, just as you are in fact doing.</p><p></p><p>Or “comforting.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Jas. 3:2)</strong></a> For we all stumble* many times. If anyone does not stumble in word, he is a perfect man, able to bridle also his whole body.</p><p></p><p>Or “make mistakes.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ps. 103:12-14)</strong></a> As far off as the sunrise is from the sunset, So far off from us he has put our transgressions. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>As a father shows mercy to his sons, Jehovah has shown mercy to those who fear him. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>For he well knows how we are formed, Remembering that we are dust.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Mark 10:29, 30)</strong></a> Jesus said: “Truly I say to you, no one has left house or brothers or sisters or mother or father or children or fields for my sake and for the sake of the good news <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>who will not get 100 times more now in this period of time*—houses, brothers, sisters, mothers, children, and fields, with persecutions—and in the coming system of things, everlasting life.</p><p></p><p>Or “in the present time.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(John 13:35)</strong></a> By this all will know that you are my disciples—if you have love among yourselves.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
