<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, December 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Saturday, December 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class="themeScrp">[<em>Epaphras</em>] <em>is always exerting himself in your behalf in his prayers.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 4:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Epaphras knew the brothers well, and he cared for them deeply. His situation as Paul’s “fellow captive” did not blind him to the spiritual needs of others. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Philem. 23</a>) And he did something about it. Is that not a mark of unselfish concern? Praying for our fellow servants of Jehovah has real force, especially when we remember them individually, such as by name. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Cor. 1:11;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Jas. 5:16</a>) Think of those whom you can pray for by name. Like Epaphras, many of our brothers and sisters are praying for those in their congregation and for families who are carrying a heavy load of responsibility or who are facing serious decisions or temptations. In addition, we do well to remember those who have lost loved ones in death, those who have survived recent disasters and wars, and those who are enduring economic crises. Clearly, there are many brothers and sisters who need our prayers and who can benefit from them. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>5-6 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 4:12)</strong></a> Epʹa·phras, a slave of Christ Jesus who is from among you, sends you his greetings. He is always exerting himself in your behalf in his prayers, so that you may finally stand complete and with firm conviction in all the will of God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Philem. 23)</strong></a> Sending you greetings is Epʹa·phras, my fellow captive in union with Christ Jesus,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 1:11)</strong></a> You also can help us by your supplication for us, in order that many may give thanks in our behalf for the favor we receive in answer to the prayers of many.*</p><p></p><p>Or “because of many prayerful faces.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Jas. 5:16)</strong></a> Therefore, openly confess your sins to one another and pray for one another, so that you may be healed. A righteous man’s supplication has a powerful effect.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “has much force when it is at work.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
