<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, December 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020011"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Saturday, December 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class="themeScrp"><em>Women should adorn themselves in appropriate dress, with modesty and soundness of mind.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Tim. 2:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">What is God’s view of stumbling others? Jesus said: “Whoever stumbles one of these little ones who have faith, it would be better for him if a millstone that is turned by a donkey were put around his neck and he were pitched into the sea.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Mark 9:42</a>) Those words express strong feelings! Since Jesus perfectly reflected his Father’s personality, we can be sure that Jehovah feels just as strongly about anyone whose callous actions stumble one of Jesus’ followers. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 14:9</a>) Do we share the view of Jehovah and Jesus? Have we made it our own? What do our actions reveal? For instance, suppose we are attracted to a certain style of dress or grooming that is likely to upset some in the congregation or that may well arouse passion in the minds of others. Will our loving concern for fellow believers override our personal preferences in style? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020011-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>25 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 2:9)</strong></a> Likewise, the women should adorn themselves in appropriate* dress, with modesty and soundness of mind,* not with styles of hair braiding and gold or pearls or very expensive clothing,</p><p></p><p>Or “respectable.”</p><p>Or “good judgment; sensibleness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Mark 9:42)</strong></a> But whoever stumbles one of these little ones who have faith, it would be better for him if a millstone that is turned by a donkey were put around his neck and he were pitched into the sea.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 14:9)</strong></a> Jesus said to him: “Even after I have been with you men for such a long time, Philip, have you not come to know me? Whoever has seen me has seen the Father also. How is it you say, ‘Show us the Father’?</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
