<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, February 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80"><span id="page26" class="pageNum" data-no="26" data-before-text="26"></span>Thursday, February 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>If you observe my commandments, you will remain in my love.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 15:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">Jesus told his disciples not only to <em>be </em>in his love but to <em>“remain </em>in [his] love.” Why? Because living as a true disciple of Christ year after year calls for endurance. Jesus stressed the need for endurance by using forms of the word “remain” over and over in the brief passage recorded at <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 15:4-10</a>. How do we show that we want to remain in Christ’s love and keep his approval? By observing Jesus’ commandments. Simply put, Jesus tells us, ‘Be obedient to me.’ Yet, Jesus only asked us to do what he himself did, for he added: “Just as I have observed the commandments of the Father and remain in his love.” Jesus sets the example. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 13:15</a>) By carrying out Jesus’ command to go and preach, we too show our love for God because Jesus’ commandments reflect his Father’s thinking. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 17:5;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> John 8:28</a>) In response to our expression of love, Jehovah and Jesus keep us in their love. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>18 ¶5-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 15:10)</strong></a> If you observe my commandments, you will remain in my love, just as I have observed the commandments of the Father and remain in his love.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 15:4-10)</strong></a> Remain in union with me, and I will remain in union with you. Just as the branch cannot bear fruit by itself unless it remains in the vine, neither can you unless you remain in union with me. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>I am the vine; you are the branches. Whoever remains in union with me and I in union with him, this one bears much fruit; for apart from me you can do* nothing at all. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>If anyone does not remain in union with me, he is thrown out like a branch and dries up. And men gather those branches and throw them into the fire, and they are burned. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>If you remain in union with me and my sayings remain in you, ask whatever you wish and it will take place for you. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>My Father is glorified in this, that you keep bearing much fruit and prove yourselves my disciples. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Just as the Father has loved me, so I have loved you; remain in my love. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>If you observe my commandments, you will remain in my love, just as I have observed the commandments of the Father and remain in his love.</p><p></p><p>Or “produce.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 13:15)</strong></a> For I set the pattern for you, that just as I did to you, you should also do.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 17:5)</strong></a> While he was still speaking, look! a bright cloud overshadowed them, and look! a voice out of the cloud said: “This is my Son, the beloved, whom I have approved. Listen to him.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 8:28)</strong></a> Jesus then said: “After you have lifted up the Son of man, then you will know that I am he and that I do nothing of my own initiative; but just as the Father taught me, I speak these things.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
