<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, February 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Saturday, February 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="themeScrp"><em>Love one another; just as I have loved you, you also love one another.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 13:34</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">The apostle John was a pillar in the early Christian congregation. His riveting Gospel account of Jesus’ ministry has been a source of encouragement to Christians throughout the centuries​—and still is. His Gospel alone preserves Jesus’ statement that love is the identifying mark of his true disciples. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 13:35</a>) John’s three letters contain further gems of truth. When we are weighed down with the burden of sin, are we not relieved to read that “the blood of Jesus . . . cleanses us from all sin”? (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 John 1:7</a>) And if our heart continues to condemn us, do we not get a lump in our throat and tears of gratitude in our eyes when we read that “God is greater than our hearts”? (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 John 3:20</a>) John alone wrote that “God is love.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 John 4:8,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 16</a>) His second and third letters commend Christians who continue “walking in the truth.”​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">2 John 4;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> 3 John 3, 4</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>18 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p89" data-pid="89" class="p89"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 13:34)</strong></a> I am giving you a new commandment, that you love one another; just as I have loved you, you also love one another.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 13:35)</strong></a> By this all will know that you are my disciples—if you have love among yourselves.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 John 1:7)</strong></a> However, if we are walking in the light as he himself is in the light, we do have fellowship with one another, and the blood of Jesus his Son cleanses us from all sin.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 John 3:20)</strong></a> regarding whatever our hearts may condemn us in, because God is greater than our hearts and knows all things.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 John 4:8)</strong></a> Whoever does not love has not come to know God, because God is love.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 John 4:16)</strong></a> And we have come to know and believe the love that God has for us. God is love, and the one who remains in love remains in union with God and God remains in union with him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(2 John 4)</strong></a> I rejoice very much because I have found some of your children walking in the truth, just as we received commandment from the Father.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(3 John 3, 4)</strong></a> For I rejoiced very much when brothers came and bore witness about the truth you hold, as you go on walking in the truth. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>No greater joy* do I have than this: that I should hear that my children go on walking in the truth.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “cause for thankfulness.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
