<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, February 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Friday, February 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class="themeScrp"><em>Please take pleasure in my voluntary offerings of praise, O Jehovah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 119:108</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">Jehovah has given all of us the privilege to praise him. Our comments at meetings are part of our “sacrifice of praise,” and no one can offer that sacrifice for us. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 13:15</a>) Does Jehovah demand the same type of sacrifice, or comment, from each of us? No, he does not! View the congregation meetings like a meal shared with good friends. Imagine that some friends in the congregation planned a barbecue and asked you to prepare some small item of food. How would you respond? You might feel a little anxious, but you would likely do your best to bring something that everyone could enjoy. Jehovah, our Host, has provided a table full of good things for us at our meetings. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 23:5;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Matt. 24:45</a>) And he is pleased when we bring a simple gift, the best that we can give. So prepare well and participate as freely as you can. Then you will not only feed at Jehovah’s table but also bring a gift to share with the congregation. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>8 ¶3;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation2"> 13 ¶20</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:108)</strong></a> Please take pleasure in my voluntary offerings of praise,* O Jehovah, And teach me your judgments.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the voluntary offerings of my mouth.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:15)</strong></a> Through him let us always offer to God a sacrifice of praise, that is, the fruit of our lips that make public declaration to his name.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 23:5)</strong></a> You prepare a table for me before my enemies. You refresh* my head with oil; My cup is well-filled.</p><p></p><p>Or “grease.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:45)</strong></a> “Who really is the faithful and discreet slave whom his master appointed over his domestics, to give them their food at the proper time?</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
