<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, February 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Monday, February 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="themeScrp"><em>Wisdom is the most important thing, so acquire wisdom.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 4:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">Doing what we know to be right brings rich blessings. Although wisdom is based on knowledge, it particularly has to do with the decisions we make rather than just the facts we understand. Even ants reveal wisdom. Ants demonstrate instinctive wisdom by preparing their food in the summer. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 30:24, 25</a>) Christ, “the wisdom of God,” always does the things pleasing to the Father. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 1:24;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> John 8:29</a>) God knows the difference between making the right choice and acting on that choice. And he rewards those who demonstrate humility with endurance and who practice what they know to be true. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 7:21-23</a>) Therefore, work to preserve the spiritual environment in which genuine humility can flourish. Applying what we know to be true takes time and requires patience, but it is a mark of humility that leads to happiness now and forever. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>7 ¶18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 4:7)</strong></a> Wisdom is the most important* thing, so acquire wisdom, And with all you acquire, acquire understanding.</p><p></p><p>Or “the prime.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 30:24, 25)</strong></a> Four things on earth are among the smallest, But they are instinctively wise:* <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>The ants are not strong creatures,* Yet they prepare their food in the summer.</p><p></p><p>Or “exceedingly wise.”</p><p>Lit., “a people not strong.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 1:24)</strong></a> However, to those who are called, both Jews and Greeks, Christ is the power of God and the wisdom of God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 8:29)</strong></a> And the One who sent me is with me; he did not abandon me to myself, because I always do the things pleasing to him.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 7:21-23)</strong></a> “Not everyone saying to me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ will enter into the Kingdom of the heavens, but only the one doing the will of my Father who is in the heavens will. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>Many will say to me in that day: ‘Lord, Lord, did we not prophesy in your name, and expel demons in your name, and perform many powerful works* in your name?’ <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>And then I will declare to them: ‘I never knew* you! Get away from me, you workers of lawlessness!’</p><p></p><p>Or “many miracles.”</p><p>Or “recognized.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
