<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, February 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page17" class="pageNum" data-no="17" data-before-text="17"></span><strong>February</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Saturday, February 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp"><em>Fully accomplish your ministry.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Tim. 4:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">Jesus had tender feelings for others. People sensed his love for them and responded favorably to the Kingdom message. The more we develop similar tender feelings for people, the more effective we will be in accomplishing our ministry. What can help us show fellow feeling to those to whom we preach? We want to put ourselves in the place of those we meet in the ministry and treat them as we would like to be treated. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 7:12</a>) Consider the needs of each individual. Do not try to use the same approach with everyone we meet in our ministry. Rather, take into consideration the specific circumstances and viewpoints of each individual. Draw the person out with tactful questions. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 20:5</a>) When we draw others out, we in effect allow them to tell us why they need the good news. Once we know that, we can show fellow feeling for their specific needs and respond accordingly, just as Jesus did.​—Compare <span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Corinthians 9:19-23</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.03 </em>20 ¶2;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted.xhtml#pcitation2"> 22 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 4:5)</strong></a> You, though, keep your senses in all things, endure hardship, do the work of an evangelizer,* fully accomplish your ministry.</p><p></p><p>Or “keep preaching the good news.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 7:12)</strong></a> “All things, therefore, that you want men to do to you, you also must do to them. This, in fact, is what the Law and the Prophets mean.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 20:5)</strong></a> The thoughts* of a man’s heart are like deep waters, But the discerning man draws them out.</p><p></p><p>Or “intentions.” Lit., “counsel.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 9:19-23)</strong></a> For though I am free from all people, I have made myself the slave to all, so that I may gain as many people as possible. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>To the Jews I became as a Jew in order to gain Jews; to those under law I became as under law, though I myself am not under law, in order to gain those under law. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>To those without law I became as without law, although I am not without law toward God but under law toward Christ, in order to gain those without law. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>To the weak I became weak, in order to gain the weak. I have become all things to people of all sorts, so that I might by all possible means save some. <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>But I do all things for the sake of the good news, in order to share it with others.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
