<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, February 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Wednesday, February 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class="themeScrp"><em>Keep in expectation of it! For it will without fail come true.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Hab. 2:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Jehovah assured Habakkuk that he would receive answers to his sincere questions. Relief for all his worries would come before too long. God, in effect, told the prophet: “Be patient, trust in me. My answer will come despite the apparent delay!” Jehovah reminded him that He had an appointed time for fulfilling His promises. He counseled Habakkuk to wait for the accomplishment of His purposes. Ultimately, the prophet would not be disappointed. Patiently waiting on Jehovah and paying close attention to what he tells us will give us confidence and will help us to acquire a calm heart despite adversities and hardships. Jesus confirmed that we can trust in Jehovah as the Great Timekeeper, not focusing on “times or seasons” that God has not yet revealed. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 1:7</a>) Therefore, may we not give up but wait in humility, faith, and patience, making good use of the time we have to serve Jehovah to the best of our abilities.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Mark 13:35-37;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Gal. 6:9</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>16 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Hab. 2:3)</strong></a> For the vision is yet for its appointed time, And it is rushing toward its end,* and it will not lie. Even if it should delay,* keep in expectation of it!* For it will without fail come true. It will not be late!</p><p></p><p>Or “fulfillment.”</p><p>Or “if it seems to delay.”</p><p>Or “wait eagerly for it!”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 1:7)</strong></a> He said to them: “It does not belong to you to know the times or seasons that the Father has placed in his own jurisdiction.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Mark 13:35-37)</strong></a> Keep on the watch, therefore, for you do not know when the master of the house is coming, whether late in the day or at midnight or before dawn or early in the morning, <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>in order that when he comes suddenly, he does not find you sleeping. <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>But what I say to you, I say to all: Keep on the watch.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:9)</strong></a> So let us not give up in doing what is fine, for in due time we will reap if we do not tire out.*</p><p></p><p>Or “give up.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
