<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, February 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17"><span id="page19" class="pageNum" data-no="19" data-before-text="19"></span>Thursday, February 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>Take courage!​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 16:33</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">We can strengthen our courage by thinking about the hope that the ransom sacrifice of Christ makes possible for us. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 3:16;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Eph. 1:7</a>) In the weeks leading up to the Memorial, we have a special opportunity to build our appreciation for the ransom. During that time, keep up with the Memorial Bible reading and prayerfully meditate on the events surrounding Jesus’ death. Then when we gather for the Lord’s Evening Meal, we will understand more fully the significance of the Memorial emblems and the matchless sacrifice that they represent. When we appreciate what Jesus and Jehovah have done for us and understand how it benefits us and our loved ones, our hope grows stronger, and we are motivated to endure courageously to the end. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Heb. 12:3</a>) How grateful we can be that Jesus continues to display humility and courage as our heavenly High Priest, who pleads in our behalf! (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Heb. 7:24, 25</a>) To show our appreciation, we must loyally commemorate Jesus’ death, just as he commanded.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Luke 22:19, 20</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>22 ¶8;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation2"> 23-24 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 16:33)</strong></a> I have said these things to you so that by means of me you may have peace. In the world you will have tribulation, but take courage! I have conquered the world.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 3:16)</strong></a> “For God loved the world so much that he gave his only-begotten Son, so that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 1:7)</strong></a> By means of him we have the release by ransom through the blood of that one, yes, the forgiveness of our trespasses, according to the riches of his undeserved kindness.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 12:3)</strong></a> Indeed, consider closely the one who has endured such hostile speech from sinners against their own interests, so that you may not get tired and give up.*</p><p></p><p>Or “give out in your souls.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Heb. 7:24, 25)</strong></a> but because he continues alive forever, his priesthood has no successors. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>So he is able also to save completely those who are approaching God through him, because he is always alive to plead for them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Luke 22:19, 20)</strong></a> Also, he took a loaf, gave thanks, broke it, and gave it to them, saying: “This means my body, which is to be given in your behalf. Keep doing this in remembrance of me.” <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>Also, he did the same with the cup after they had the evening meal, saying: “This cup means the new covenant by virtue of my blood, which is to be poured out in your behalf.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
