<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, February 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Tuesday, February 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="themeScrp"><em>Stand firm . . . with the belt of truth fastened around your waist.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 6:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">When Bible truth is wrapped around us tightly, as it were, we will be moved to live in harmony with it and to speak the truth at all times. Why will we avoid telling lies? Because lies have been one of Satan’s most effective weapons. Lies damage both the one telling them and the one believing them. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 8:44</a>) So to the best of our imperfect ability, we avoid telling lies. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eph. 4:25</a>) But it can be a challenge. Eighteen-year-old Abigail says: “Speaking the truth may not always seem worth it, especially when telling a lie can get you out of a difficult situation.” Why, then, tell the truth? Victoria, 23, says: “When you tell the truth and stand up for your beliefs, you might get bullied. But you always get outstanding benefits: You gain confidence, you feel closer to Jehovah, and you earn the respect of those who love you.” Certainly, it is worth keeping “the belt of truth fastened around your waist” at all times. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>28 ¶3,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation2"> 5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:14)</strong></a> Stand firm, therefore, with the belt of truth fastened around your waist, wearing the breastplate of righteousness,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 8:44)</strong></a> You are from your father the Devil, and you wish to do the desires of your father. That one was a murderer when he began, and he did not stand fast in the truth, because truth is not in him. When he speaks the lie, he speaks according to his own disposition, because he is a liar and the father of the lie.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:25)</strong></a> Therefore, now that you have put away deceit, each one of you speak truth with his neighbor, because we are members belonging to one another.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
