<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, February 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Tuesday, February 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class="themeScrp"><em>These are just the fringes of his ways; only a faint whisper has been heard of him!​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Job 26:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">Job spent time contemplating the marvels of Jehovah’s creation. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Job 26:7, 8</a>) He was awestruck when he thought about the earth, the sky, the clouds, and the thunder, yet he recognized that he knew very little about the vastness of creation. He also felt awe for Jehovah’s expressions. “I have treasured up his sayings,” Job said of God’s words. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Job 23:12</a>) Job’s awe and respect for Jehovah moved him. He loved his Father and wanted to please him. Job’s determination to keep his integrity thus grew stronger. We need to do as Job did. We know far more about the marvels of creation than did people of Job’s time. And we have the entire inspired Bible to help us to know Jehovah as he really is. All that we learn can help to fill our heart with awe. Our awe and respect for Jehovah will, in turn, move us to love and obey him and to build up our deep desire to keep our integrity.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Job 28:28</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>5 ¶12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Job 26:14)</strong></a> Look! These are just the fringes of his ways; Only a faint whisper has been heard of him! So who can understand his mighty thunder?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Job 26:7, 8)</strong></a> He stretches out the northern sky* over empty space,* Suspending the earth upon nothing;  <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>He wraps up the waters in his clouds, So that the clouds do not burst under their weight;</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the north.”</p><p>Lit., “emptiness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Job 23:12)</strong></a> I have not departed from the commandment of his lips. I have treasured up his sayings even more than what was required of me.*</p><p></p><p>Or “prescribed for me.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Job 28:28)</strong></a> And he said to man: ‘Look! The fear of Jehovah—that is wisdom, And to turn away from bad is understanding.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
