<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, February 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8"><span id="page18" class="pageNum" data-no="18" data-before-text="18"></span>Monday, February 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class="themeScrp"><em>Every good gift and every perfect present is from above, coming down from the Father of the celestial lights.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jas. 1:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">Jehovah has given us an abundance of spiritual food. For example, we receive helpful instruction through our meetings, our magazines, and our websites. Have you ever heard a talk, read an article, or watched a broadcast and thought, ‘That is just what I needed’? How can we show our appreciation to Jehovah? (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Col. 3:15</a>) One way is by regularly thanking him in our prayers for these good gifts. We also express appreciation to Jehovah when we keep our place of worship clean and tidy. We share regularly in cleaning and maintaining our Kingdom Halls, and those who handle electronic equipment used by the congregation do so carefully. When we maintain our Kingdom Halls properly, they will last longer and will need fewer major repairs. That way, we make more money available to build and renovate other Kingdom Halls around the world. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>18 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:17)</strong></a> Every good gift and every perfect present is from above, coming down from the Father of the celestial lights, who does not vary or change like the shifting shadows.*</p><p></p><p>Or “with whom there is not a variation of the turning of the shadow.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Col. 3:15)</strong></a> Also, let the peace of the Christ rule in your hearts,* for you were called to that peace in one body. And show yourselves thankful.</p><p></p><p>Or “control your hearts.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
