<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, February 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Friday, February 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>I have calmed and quieted my soul.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 131:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">When our life takes an unexpected turn, the changes that we have to face may cause us apprehension and emotional stress. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 12:25</a>) We may even find it hard to accept those changes. In such circumstances, how can we ‘calm and quiet’ our soul? (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 131:1-3</a>) Despite adverse circumstances, we today can experience firsthand the soothing effect of “the peace of God” that guards our mental powers. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Phil. 4:6, 7</a>) Thus, if we turn to Jehovah when we feel overwhelmed by anxiety, God’s peace can strengthen our determination to reach spiritual goals and guard us against any tendency to give up. In addition to calming us down, God’s spirit can draw our attention to key scriptures that will help us to keep our spiritual priorities.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">John 14:26, 27</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.10 </em>27 ¶2;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation2"> 28 ¶5,</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation3"> 8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 131:2)</strong></a> No, but I have calmed and quieted my soul* Like a weaned child with its mother; I am* contented like a weaned child.</p><p></p><p>Or “myself.” See Glossary.</p><p>Or “My soul is.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 12:25)</strong></a> Anxiety in a man’s heart weighs it down,* But a good word cheers it up.</p><p></p><p>Or “depresses him.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 131:1-3)</strong></a> O Jehovah, my heart is not haughty, Nor are my eyes lofty; Nor do I aspire to things too great, Or to things that are beyond me.  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>No, but I have calmed and quieted my soul* Like a weaned child with its mother; I am* contented like a weaned child.  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Let Israel wait for Jehovah From now on and forever.</p><p></p><p>Or “myself.” See Glossary.</p><p>Or “My soul is.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:6, 7)</strong></a> Do not be anxious over anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication along with thanksgiving, let your petitions be made known to God; <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>and the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and your mental powers* by means of Christ Jesus.</p><p></p><p>Or “your minds; your thoughts.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 14:26, 27)</strong></a> But the helper, the holy spirit, which the Father will send in my name, that one will teach you all things and bring back to your minds all the things I told you. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>I leave you peace; I give you my peace. I do not give it to you the way that the world gives it. Do not let your hearts be troubled nor let them shrink out of fear.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
