<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, February 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Friday, February 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class="themeScrp"><em>The plans of the diligent surely lead to success.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 21:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">Adolescents have to make decisions about education, employment, and other matters. If you know what your goals are, making good decisions becomes easier. The earlier you make plans by setting good goals, the sooner you will have success. Thousands of young ones in congregations all over the world deserve warm praise. They commit themselves to Jehovah and focus their lives on theocratic goals. Such young people enjoy life to the full while at the same time learning to follow Jehovah’s guidance in all endeavors. This also includes family life. “Trust in Jehovah with all your heart,” wrote Solomon. “In all your ways take notice of him, and he will make your paths straight.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 3:5, 6</a>) Youths in the Christian congregation are precious in the eyes of Jehovah, who loves them dearly and gives them his protection, guidance, and blessing. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>26 ¶7;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation2"> 27 ¶9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 21:5)</strong></a> The plans of the diligent surely lead to success,* But all who are hasty surely head for poverty.</p><p></p><p>Or “advantage.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 3:5, 6)</strong></a> Trust in Jehovah with all your heart, And do not rely* on your own understanding.  <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>In all your ways take notice of him, And he will make your paths straight.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “lean.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
