<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, February 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Saturday, February 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class="themeScrp"><em>Our eyes look to Jehovah our God until he shows us favor.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 123:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">If we keep our figurative eyes focused on Jehovah, we will not allow the actions of others to embitter us or damage our relationship with him. This is especially important if, like Moses, we have a measure of responsibility in God’s organization. While it is true that each of us needs to ‘keep working out his own salvation with fear and trembling,’ we must remember that Jehovah does not have one rigid, inflexible standard by which he judges us. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Phil. 2:12</a>) Rather, the more responsibility we have, the greater our accountability. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 12:48</a>) But if we truly love Jehovah, nothing will stumble us or separate us from his love. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 119:165;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Rom. 8:37-39</a>) In these challenging times, may our eyes be raised continually to the One who is “enthroned in the heavens,” so that we can perceive his will. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Ps. 123:1</a>) May we never allow our relationship with Jehovah to be negatively affected by the actions of others. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>16 ¶19-20</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 123:2)</strong></a> As the eyes of servants look to the hand of their master, And the eyes of a servant girl to the hand of her mistress, So our eyes look to Jehovah our God Until he shows us favor.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:12)</strong></a> Consequently, my beloved ones, just as you have always obeyed, not only during my presence but now much more readily during my absence, keep working out your own salvation with fear and trembling.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 12:48)</strong></a> But the one who did not understand and yet did things deserving of strokes will be beaten with few. Indeed, everyone to whom much was given, much will be demanded of him, and the one who was put in charge of much will have more than usual demanded of him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:165)</strong></a> Abundant peace belongs to those who love your law; Nothing can make them stumble.*</p><p></p><p>Or “For them there is no stumbling block.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:37-39)</strong></a> On the contrary, in all these things we are coming off completely victorious through the one who loved us. <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>For I am convinced that neither death nor life nor angels nor governments nor things now here nor things to come nor powers <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>nor height nor depth nor any other creation will be able to separate us from God’s love that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ps. 123:1)</strong></a> To you I raise my eyes, You who are enthroned in the heavens.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
