<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, February 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Wednesday, February 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class="themeScrp"><em>Keep on the watch.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 24:42</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">As these critical times worsen, all of us need to keep on the watch. When Jehovah acts, it will be at the right time. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 24:42-44</a>) Meanwhile, exercise patience, being ever watchful. Read God’s Word each day, and be vigilant with a view to prayers. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Pet. 4:7</a>) Take note of sterling examples of brothers and sisters whose lives reflect their joy in keeping on the watch as well as letting their light shine. Fill your life with upbuilding activity and association. That will bring you great joy, and it will seem to you that time is passing quickly. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Eph. 5:16</a>) It is faith-strengthening to know that our imperfection does not stop us from serving Jehovah acceptably. Consequently, appreciate Jehovah’s provision of “gifts in men,” congregation elders. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Eph. 4:8,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 11, 12</a>) The next time an elder visits you, take advantage of the opportunity to draw on his wisdom and benefit from his advice. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>24-25 ¶15-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:42)</strong></a> Keep on the watch, therefore, because you do not know on what day your Lord is coming.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:42-44)</strong></a> Keep on the watch, therefore, because you do not know on what day your Lord is coming. <strong><sup>43 </sup></strong>“But know one thing: If the householder had known in what watch* the thief was coming, he would have kept awake and not allowed his house to be broken into. <strong><sup>44 </sup></strong>On this account, you too prove yourselves ready, because the Son of man is coming at an hour that you do not think to be it.</p><p></p><p>Or “at what time of night.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 4:7)</strong></a> But the end of all things has drawn close. Therefore, be sound in mind, and be vigilant* with a view to prayers.</p><p></p><p>Or “alert; awake.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:16)</strong></a> making the best use of your time,* because the days are wicked.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “buying out the appointed time.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:8)</strong></a> For it says: “When he ascended on high he carried away captives; he gave gifts in men.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:11, 12)</strong></a> And he gave some as apostles, some as prophets, some as evangelizers,* some as shepherds and teachers, <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>with a view to the readjustment* of the holy ones, for ministerial work, to build up the body of the Christ,</p><p></p><p>Or “proclaimers of the good news.”</p><p>Or “training.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
