<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, February 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Sunday, February 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp"><em>Let your light shine before men, so that they may . . . give glory to your Father.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 5:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">How thrilling it is to hear of increases that Jehovah’s people are experiencing! In 2017 we regularly conducted over 10,000,000 Bible studies. This certainly indicates that God’s servants are letting their light shine! And think of the millions of interested ones whom we welcomed at the Memorial. They could thus learn of the love that God expressed when he provided the ransom. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 John 4:9</a>) Worldwide, Jehovah’s people speak many different languages. However, this does not prevent us from offering united praise to our Father, Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rev. 7:9</a>) No matter what our mother tongue is or where we live, we can shine “as illuminators in the world.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Phil. 2:15</a>) The increase we observe, the unity we enjoy, and the watchful attitude that we strive to maintain all contribute to our bringing glory to Jehovah. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>21 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:16)</strong></a> Likewise, let your light shine before men, so that they may see your fine works and give glory to your Father who is in the heavens.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 John 4:9)</strong></a> By this the love of God was revealed in our case, that God sent his only-begotten Son into the world so that we might gain life through him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:9)</strong></a> After this I saw, and look! a great crowd, which no man was able to number, out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues,* standing before the throne and before the Lamb, dressed in white robes; and there were palm branches in their hands.</p><p></p><p>Or “languages.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:15)</strong></a> so that you may come to be blameless and innocent, children of God without a blemish in the midst of a crooked and twisted generation, among whom you are shining as illuminators in the world,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
