<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, February 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62"><span id="page24" class="pageNum" data-no="24" data-before-text="24"></span>Friday, February 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>Keep from becoming causes for stumbling.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 10:32</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">Some Witnesses have not firmly rejected worldly conduct. Their dancing and actions at parties go beyond what is acceptable for Christians. They post on social media photos of themselves and comments that are unbecoming to spiritual people. Therefore, they can be a negative influence on their peers who are striving to maintain fine conduct among Jehovah’s people. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Pet. 2:11, 12</a>) The world aggressively promotes “the desire of the flesh and the desire of the eyes and the showy display of one’s means of life.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 John 2:16</a>) Yet, because we belong to Jehovah, we are admonished to “reject ungodliness and worldly desires and to live with soundness of mind and righteousness and godly devotion amid this present system of things.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Titus 2:12</a>) Our speech, our eating and drinking habits, our dress and grooming, our work ethic​—everything we do—​should tell onlookers that we are exclusively devoted to Jehovah. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>25 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 10:32)</strong></a> Keep from becoming causes for stumbling to Jews as well as Greeks and to the congregation of God,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:11, 12)</strong></a> Beloved, I urge you as foreigners and temporary residents to keep abstaining from fleshly desires, which wage war against you.* <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>Maintain your conduct fine among the nations, so that when they accuse you of being wrongdoers, they may be eyewitnesses of your fine works and, as a result, glorify God in the day of his inspection.</p><p></p><p>Or “the soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 John 2:16)</strong></a> because everything in the world—the desire of the flesh and the desire of the eyes and the showy display of one’s means of life*—does not originate with the Father, but originates with the world.</p><p></p><p>Or “the bragging about one’s possessions.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Titus 2:12)</strong></a> It trains us to reject ungodliness and worldly desires and to live with soundness of mind and righteousness and godly devotion amid this present system of things,*</p><p></p><p>Or “this present age.” See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
