<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, February 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Wednesday, February 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class="themeScrp"><em>I will not be afraid. What can man do to me?​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 118:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">Throughout history, human rulers have persecuted Jehovah’s people. They may charge us with various “crimes,” but the real issue is that we choose to “obey God as ruler rather than men.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 5:29</a>) We might be ridiculed, imprisoned, or even physically mistreated. With Jehovah’s help, however, we will not retaliate but will remain mild throughout the test. Consider the example that three Hebrew exiles​—Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah—​set for us. Mildly, they explained to the king why they would not worship the image he had made. They were willing to accept whatever outcome Jehovah would permit. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Dan. 3:1,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted5.xhtml#citation4"> 8-28</a>) When our loyalty to God is tested, how can we imitate the three Hebrews? We humbly trust that Jehovah will care for us. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 118:7</a>) We answer those who accuse us of wrongdoing in a mild, respectful manner. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">1 Pet. 3:15</a>) And we absolutely refuse to compromise our friendship with our loving Father. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>10-11 ¶11-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 118:6)</strong></a> Jehovah is on my side; I will not be afraid. What can man do to me?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 5:29)</strong></a> In answer Peter and the other apostles said: “We must obey God as ruler rather than men.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Dan. 3:1)</strong></a> Neb·u·chad·nezʹzar the king made an image* of gold that was 60 cubits* high and 6 cubits* wide. He set it up on the plain of Duʹra in the province* of Babylon.</p><p></p><p>Or “statue.”</p><p>About 27 m (88 ft). See App. B14.</p><p>About 2.7 m (8.8 ft). See App. B14.</p><p>Or “jurisdictional district.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 118:7)</strong></a> Jehovah is on my side as my helper;* I will look in triumph on those who hate me.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “along with those helping me.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:15)</strong></a> But sanctify the Christ as Lord in your hearts, always ready to make a defense before everyone who demands of you a reason for the hope you have, but doing so with a mild temper and deep respect.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
