<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, February 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35"><span id="page21" class="pageNum" data-no="21" data-before-text="21"></span>Wednesday, February 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class="themeScrp">[<em>Christ</em>] <em>died for all so that those who live should live no longer for themselves, but for him who died for them and was raised up.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Cor. 5:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">True Christians also have this reason to be drawn to God’s love: He “loved the world so much that he gave his only-begotten Son, so that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 3:16</a>) What love Jesus also showed in giving his life for us! And what a powerful motivation that love is for us! God’s Word promises that not even “tribulation or distress” can “separate us from the love of the Christ.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 8:35,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 38, 39</a>) When we grapple with trials that are physically, emotionally, or spiritually draining, the compelling force of Christ’s love can give us the strength to endure. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Cor. 5:14</a>) Jesus’ love has the power to sustain us and to motivate us not to give up, even in the face of such trials as disasters, persecution, personal disappointments, or gnawing anxiety. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>14 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 5:15)</strong></a> And he died for all so that those who live should live no longer for themselves, but for him who died for them and was raised up.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 3:16)</strong></a> “For God loved the world so much that he gave his only-begotten Son, so that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:35)</strong></a> Who will separate us from the love of the Christ? Will tribulation or distress or persecution or hunger or nakedness or danger or sword?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:38, 39)</strong></a> For I am convinced that neither death nor life nor angels nor governments nor things now here nor things to come nor powers <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>nor height nor depth nor any other creation will be able to separate us from God’s love that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 5:14)</strong></a> For the love the Christ has compels us, because this is what we have concluded, that one man died for all; so, then, all had died.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
