<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, February 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Monday, February 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class="themeScrp"><em>The shrewd one sees the danger and conceals himself.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 22:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">When studying, we do well to consider what bearing Jehovah’s thoughts may have on situations we might face in the future. That way, should we be in a situation requiring an immediate decision, we will not be caught completely off guard. By immediately rejecting the attempted seductions of Potiphar’s wife, Joseph showed that he had given thought to Jehovah’s view of marital faithfulness. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 39:8, 9</a>) Furthermore, his reply to Potiphar’s wife: “How could I commit this great badness and actually sin against God?” indicates that he had made God’s view his own. What about us? Suppose a coworker began manifesting flirtatious behavior. Or what if a sexually explicit message or image was sent to your mobile phone? It is far easier to take a stand if we have already sought out and adopted Jehovah’s view on such matters and have determined in advance what we will do. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>25 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 22:3)</strong></a> The shrewd one sees the danger and conceals himself, But the inexperienced keep right on going and suffer the consequences.*</p><p></p><p>Or “penalty.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 39:8, 9)</strong></a> But he refused and said to his master’s wife: “Here my master does not know what is with me in the house, and he has entrusted everything he has into my care. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>There is no one greater in this house than I am, and he has not withheld from me anything at all except you, because you are his wife. So how could I commit this great badness and actually sin against God?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
