<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, February 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Thursday, February 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>God has shown me that I should call no man defiled or unclean.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 10:28</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">Like other Jews of his time, Peter grew up believing that Gentiles were unclean. Yet, Peter had experienced events that caused him to reevaluate that position. For example, Peter had a miraculous vision. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 10:9-16</a>) Like Peter, we must examine ourselves carefully and be willing to receive help so that we can identify any remaining traces of prejudice in our hearts. What else can we do? If we open our heart wide, we will allow love to replace prejudice. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Cor. 6:11-13</a>) Are you in the habit of having close association only with those of your own race, ethnicity, nationality, tribe, or language group? If so, widen out. Why not invite those of a different background to work with you in the field ministry or invite them to your home for a meal or a gathering? (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 16:14, 15</a>) If you do so, you will fill your heart with so much love that there will be no room for prejudice. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>9 ¶3,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation2"> 6;</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation3"> 10 ¶7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 10:28)</strong></a> He said to them: “You well know how unlawful it is for a Jew to associate with or approach a man of another race, and yet God has shown me that I should call no man defiled or unclean.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 10:9-16)</strong></a> The next day as they were continuing on their journey and were approaching the city, Peter went up to the housetop about the sixth hour to pray. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>But he became very hungry and wanted to eat. While they were preparing the meal, he fell into a trance <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>and saw heaven opened and something* descending like a great linen sheet being let down by its four corners on the earth; <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>and in it were all sorts of four-footed animals and reptiles* of the earth and birds of heaven. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Then a voice said to him: “Get up, Peter, slaughter* and eat!” <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>But Peter said: “Not at all, Lord, because I have never eaten anything defiled and unclean.” <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>And the voice spoke again to him, the second time: “Stop calling defiled the things God has cleansed.” <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>This happened a third time, and immediately it* was taken up into heaven.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “some sort of object (vessel).”</p><p>Or “creeping things.”</p><p>Or “sacrifice.”</p><p>Lit., “the object (vessel).”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 6:11-13)</strong></a> We have opened our mouth to speak* to you, Corinthians, and we have opened wide our heart. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>We are not restricted in* our affections for you, but you are restricted in your own tender affections for us. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>So in response—I speak as to my children—you too open your hearts wide.*</p><p></p><p>Or “have spoken openly.”</p><p>Or “cramped for room in.”</p><p>Or “you too widen out.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 16:14, 15)</strong></a> And a woman named Lydʹi·a, a seller of purple from the city of Thy·a·tiʹra and a worshipper of God, was listening, and Jehovah opened her heart wide to pay attention to the things Paul was saying. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Now when she and her household got baptized, she urged us: “If you have considered me to be faithful to Jehovah, come and stay at my house.” And she just made us come.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
