<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, February 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26"><span id="page20" class="pageNum" data-no="20" data-before-text="20"></span>Sunday, February 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="themeScrp"><em>I will behave the same way toward you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Hos. 3:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">If a Christian’s mate committed immorality, the innocent Christian would face a decision. Jesus said that the innocent one would have a basis for getting a divorce and then be free to remarry. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 19:9</a>) On the other hand, the innocent mate could extend forgiveness. That would not be wrong. Hosea took back Gomer. Once Gomer was back with Hosea, she was not to have relations with any other man. Hosea did “not have relations” with Gomer for a while. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Hos. 3:1-3</a>, ftn.) In time, though, Hosea must have resumed marital relations with her, thereby reflecting God’s willingness to accept his people back and resume his dealings with them. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Hos. 1:11;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 3:4, 5</a>) What bearing does that have on a marriage today? If an innocent mate decided to maintain the marriage, resuming marital relations would show forgiveness. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">1 Cor. 7:3,</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 5</a>) That course would cancel what had been grounds for divorce. Thereafter as a couple, they should work to reflect God’s view of marriage. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>13 ¶13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Hos. 3:3)</strong></a> Then I said to her: “You will remain mine for many days. You must not commit prostitution,* and you must not have relations with another man, and I will behave the same way toward you.”*</p><p></p><p>Or “engage in immorality (promiscuity).”</p><p>Or “I will not have relations with you.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 19:9)</strong></a> I say to you that whoever divorces his wife, except on the grounds of sexual immorality, and marries another commits adultery.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Hos. 3:1-3)</strong></a> Then Jehovah said to me: “Go once again, love the woman who is loved by another man and is committing adultery, just as Jehovah loves the people of Israel while they turn to other gods and love raisin cakes.”* <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>So I purchased her for myself for 15 silver pieces and a hoʹmer measure* and a half of barley. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Then I said to her: “You will remain mine for many days. You must not commit prostitution,* and you must not have relations with another man, and I will behave the same way toward you.”*</p><p></p><p>That is, those used in false worship.</p><p>A homer equaled 220 L (200 dry qt). See App. B14.</p><p>Or “engage in immorality (promiscuity).”</p><p>Or “I will not have relations with you.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Hos. 1:11)</strong></a> And the people of Judah and of Israel will be gathered together into unity and will choose for themselves one head and go up out of the land, for great will be the day of Jezʹre·el.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Hos. 3:4, 5)</strong></a> It is because for a long time* the people of Israel will dwell without a king, without a prince, without a sacrifice, without a pillar, and without an ephʹod and teraphim statues.* <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>Afterward the people of Israel will come back and look for Jehovah their God and for David their king, and they will come trembling to Jehovah and to his goodness in the final part of the days.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “many days.”</p><p>Or “household gods; idols.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:3)</strong></a> Let the husband give to his wife her due, and let the wife also do likewise to her husband.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:5)</strong></a> Do not deprive each other except by mutual consent for an appointed time, so that you may devote time to prayer and may come together again, in order that Satan may not keep tempting you for your lack of self-control.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
