<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, February 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Sunday, February 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>Commit to Jehovah whatever you do, and your plans will succeed.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 16:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">Adam and Eve displayed a callous lack of appreciation for all the good that Jehovah had done for them. We all have the opportunity to show just how much we disagree with the decision that they made. By getting baptized, we show Jehovah that we believe that he has the authority to set the standard of what is right and what is wrong for us. We prove that we love our Father and trust in him. The challenge we face after baptism is to live each day by Jehovah’s standards, not our own. Millions of people are living that way each year. You can be like them if you continue to deepen your understanding of God’s Word, the Bible; associate regularly with your brothers and sisters; and zealously share what you have learned about your loving Father. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 10:24, 25</a>) When you make decisions, listen to the advice Jehovah gives you through his Word and his organization. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 30:21</a>) Then all you do will be successful.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Prov. 16:20</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.03 </em>7 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 16:3)</strong></a> Commit to Jehovah whatever you do,* And your plans will succeed.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “Roll to Jehovah your works.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:24, 25)</strong></a> And let us consider* one another so as to incite* to love and fine works, <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>not forsaking our meeting together, as some have the custom, but encouraging one another, and all the more so as you see the day drawing near.</p><p></p><p>Or “be concerned about; pay attention to.”</p><p>Or “motivate; stir up.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 30:21)</strong></a> And your own ears will hear a word behind you saying, “This is the way. Walk in it,” in case you should go to the right or in case you should go to the left.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 16:20)</strong></a> The one who shows insight in a matter will find success,* And happy is the one trusting in Jehovah.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “good.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
