<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, February 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71"><span id="page25" class="pageNum" data-no="25" data-before-text="25"></span>Monday, February 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class="themeScrp"><em>Rabbi, eat.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 4:31</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">Jesus’ reply indicated that he was so absorbed in the spiritual discussion that his hunger could be ignored. Preaching​—even to a Samaritan woman—​was the will of his Father, and it was like food for him. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 4:32-34</a>) James and John did not grasp this lesson. When journeying with Jesus through Samaria, the disciples sought overnight lodging in a Samaritan village. The Samaritans refused to receive them, so James and John angrily suggested calling down fire from heaven to destroy the entire village. Jesus firmly rebuked them. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 9:51-56</a>) We may wonder if James and John would have reacted the same way if the inhospitable village had been in their home region of Galilee. It seems likely that prejudice had kindled their animosity. It could be that the apostle John felt embarrassed about his rash outburst when he later enjoyed a successful preaching campaign among the Samaritans.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 8:14,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 25</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>10-11 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 4:31)</strong></a> Meanwhile, the disciples were urging him: “Rabbi, eat.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 4:32-34)</strong></a> But he said to them: “I have food to eat that you do not know about.” <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>So the disciples said to one another: “No one brought him anything to eat, did he?” <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>Jesus said to them: “My food is to do the will of him who sent me and to finish his work.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 9:51-56)</strong></a> As the days were drawing near* for him to be taken up, he resolutely set his face to go to Jerusalem. <strong><sup>52 </sup></strong>So he sent messengers ahead of him. And they went and entered a village of Sa·marʹi·tans to make preparations for him. <strong><sup>53 </sup></strong>But they did not receive him, because he was determined to go to Jerusalem. <strong><sup>54 </sup></strong>When the disciples James and John saw this, they said: “Lord,* do you want us to call fire down from heaven and annihilate them?” <strong><sup>55 </sup></strong>But he turned and rebuked them. <strong><sup>56 </sup></strong>So they went to a different village.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “were coming to the full; were being fulfilled.”</p><p>Or “Master.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 8:14)</strong></a> When the apostles in Jerusalem heard that Sa·marʹi·a had accepted the word of God, they sent Peter and John to them;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 8:25)</strong></a> Therefore, when they had given the witness thoroughly and had spoken the word of Jehovah, they started back toward Jerusalem, and they went declaring the good news to many villages of the Sa·marʹi·tans.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
