<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, February 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23">Saturday, February 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class="themeScrp"><em>Those who pursue other gods multiply their sorrows.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 16:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">In Bible times, false worship often included gross sexual immorality. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Hos. 4:13, 14</a>) To be sure, that form of worship appealed to the sinful flesh. But it did not bring lasting happiness. To the contrary! ‘Those who pursued other gods multiplied their sorrows,’ said David. They also brought untold suffering to countless children. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 57:5</a>) Jehovah detested such cruelty! (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Jer. 7:31</a>) Today, too, false worship often condones sexual immorality, even homosexuality. But the end results of reveling in so-called moral freedom have not really changed since Bible times. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Cor. 6:18, 19</a>) People “multiply their sorrows,” as you may have observed. So young ones, listen to your heavenly Father. Be fully convinced that obedience to him is in your best interests. Impress on your heart that the harm caused by wrongdoing far outweighs any temporary pleasure.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Gal. 6:8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>27-28 ¶16-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 16:4)</strong></a> Those who pursue other gods multiply their sorrows. I will never pour out their drink offerings of blood, Nor will my lips mention their names.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Hos. 4:13, 14)</strong></a> On the tops of the mountains they sacrifice, And on the hills they make sacrifices smoke, Under oak trees and storax trees and every big tree, Because their shade is good. That is why your daughters commit prostitution* And your daughters-in-law commit adultery. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>I will not hold an accounting against your daughters because of their prostitution,* And against your daughters-in-law because of their adultery. For the men go off with the harlots And sacrifice with the temple prostitutes; Such a people without understanding will come to ruin.</p><p></p><p>Or “immorality; promiscuity.”</p><p>Or “immorality; promiscuity.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 57:5)</strong></a> Those who are inflamed with passion among big trees, Under every luxuriant tree, Who slaughter the children in the valleys,* Under the clefts of the crags?</p><p></p><p>Or “wadis.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Jer. 7:31)</strong></a> They have built the high places of Toʹpheth, which is in the Valley of the Son of Hinʹnom,* in order to burn their sons and their daughters in the fire, something that I had not commanded and that had never even come into my heart.’*</p><p></p><p>See Glossary, “Gehenna.”</p><p>Or “had never entered my thoughts.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 6:18, 19)</strong></a> Flee from sexual immorality!* Every other sin that a man may commit is outside his body, but whoever practices sexual immorality is sinning against his own body. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Do you not know that your body is the temple of the holy spirit within you, which you have from God? Also, you do not belong to yourselves,</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>por·neiʹa. </em>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:8)</strong></a> because the one sowing with a view to his flesh will reap corruption from his flesh, but the one sowing with a view to the spirit will reap everlasting life from the spirit.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
