<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, February 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020001"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53"><span id="page23" class="pageNum" data-no="23" data-before-text="23"></span>Tuesday, February 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class="themeScrp"><em>Let each one examine his own actions, . . . and not in comparison with the other person.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gal. 6:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">The Creator envisioned that perfect humans would cooperate with him to accomplish his purposes. Despite mankind’s current imperfect state, faithful people can still work with Jehovah each day. For example, we become “God’s fellow workers” by preaching the good news of his Kingdom and making disciples. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 3:5-9</a>) Just think what a privilege we have to be counted worthy of cooperating with the almighty Creator of the universe in a work that he considers important! Yet, preaching and making disciples are not the only ways that we work with Jehovah. Other ways we can do so are by assisting our family and fellow worshippers, by being hospitable, by volunteering for theocratic projects, and by expanding our sacred service. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Col. 3:23</a>) However, do not compare what you can do for Jehovah with what others can do. Remember that age, health, circumstances, and abilities vary from one person to another. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020001-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>23 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:4)</strong></a> But let each one examine his own actions, and then he will have cause for rejoicing in regard to himself alone, and not in comparison with the other person.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 3:5-9)</strong></a> What, then, is A·polʹlos? Yes, what is Paul? Ministers through whom you became believers, just as the Lord granted each one. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>I planted, A·polʹlos watered, but God kept making it grow, <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>so that neither is the one who plants anything nor is the one who waters, but God who makes it grow. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Now the one who plants and the one who waters are one,* but each person will receive his own reward according to his own work. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>For we are God’s fellow workers. You are God’s field under cultivation, God’s building.</p><p></p><p>Or “have one purpose.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Col. 3:23)</strong></a> Whatever you are doing, work at it whole-souled* as for Jehovah,* and not for men,</p><p></p><p>See Glossary, “Soul.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
