<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, March 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Saturday, March 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>You certainly will not die.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 3:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">Satan’s lie was malicious because he knew full well that if Eve believed him and ate the fruit, she would die. Eve and Adam both disobeyed Jehovah’s command and eventually died. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 3:6;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 5:5</a>) More than that, through such sin, “death spread to all men.” In fact, “death ruled as king . . . , even over those who had not sinned in the same way that Adam transgressed.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rom. 5:12,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 14</a>) Now, instead of being able to enjoy perfect, endless life as God had originally intended, humans are doing well if they live “70 years, or 80 if one is especially strong.” Even then, life is often “filled with trouble and sorrow.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Ps. 90:10</a>) How tragic​—all resulting from Satan’s lie! In explaining the Devil’s actions, Jesus stated: “He did not stand fast in the truth, because truth is not in him.” (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">John 8:44</a>) Truth is still not in Satan, for he continues “misleading the entire inhabited earth” with his lies. (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Rev. 12:9</a>) We do not want to be misled by the Devil. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.10 </em>6-7 ¶1-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:4)</strong></a> At this the serpent said to the woman: “You certainly will not die.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:6)</strong></a> Consequently, the woman saw that the tree was good for food and that it was something desirable to the eyes, yes, the tree was pleasing to look at. So she began taking of its fruit and eating it. Afterward, she also gave some to her husband when he was with her, and he began eating it.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 5:5)</strong></a> So all the days of Adam’s life amounted to 930 years, and then he died.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 5:12)</strong></a> That is why, just as through one man sin entered into the world and death through sin, and so death spread to all men because they had all sinned—.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rom. 5:14)</strong></a> Nevertheless, death ruled as king from Adam down to Moses, even over those who had not sinned in the same way that Adam transgressed, who bears a resemblance to the one who was to come.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ps. 90:10)</strong></a> The span of our life is 70 years, Or 80 if one is especially strong.* But they are filled with trouble and sorrow; They quickly pass by, and away we fly.</p><p></p><p>Or “because of special mightiness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(John 8:44)</strong></a> You are from your father the Devil, and you wish to do the desires of your father. That one was a murderer when he began, and he did not stand fast in the truth, because truth is not in him. When he speaks the lie, he speaks according to his own disposition, because he is a liar and the father of the lie.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Rev. 12:9)</strong></a> So down the great dragon was hurled, the original serpent, the one called Devil and Satan, who is misleading the entire inhabited earth; he was hurled down to the earth, and his angels were hurled down with him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
