<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, March 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47"><span id="page32" class="pageNum" data-no="32" data-before-text="32"></span>Monday, March 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class="themeScrp"><em>I am giving you a new commandment, that you love one another; just as I have loved you, you also love one another.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 13:34</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">On his final night with his disciples, Jesus mentioned love nearly 30 times. He specifically indicated that his disciples should “love one another.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 15:12,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 17</a>) Their love for one another would be so outstanding that it would clearly distinguish them as his true followers. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">John 13:35</a>) This love is not mere sentimentality. Jesus was referring to a most noble quality​—self-sacrificing love. He said: “No one has love greater than this, that someone should surrender his life in behalf of his friends. You are my friends if you do what I am commanding you.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">John 15:13, 14</a>) The genuine, self-sacrificing love and unbreakable unity of Jehovah’s servants today identify them as God’s people. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">1 John 3:10, 11</a>) How grateful we are that Christlike love prevails among Jehovah’s servants regardless of their nationality, tribe, language, or background! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>12 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 13:34)</strong></a> I am giving you a new commandment, that you love one another; just as I have loved you, you also love one another.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 15:12)</strong></a> This is my commandment, that you love one another just as I have loved you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 15:17)</strong></a> “These things I command you, that you love one another.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 13:35)</strong></a> By this all will know that you are my disciples—if you have love among yourselves.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 15:13, 14)</strong></a> No one has love greater than this, that someone should surrender his life in behalf of his friends. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>You are my friends if you do what I am commanding you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 John 3:10, 11)</strong></a> The children of God and the children of the Devil are evident by this fact: Whoever does not practice righteousness does not originate with God, nor does the one who does not love his brother. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>For this is the message that you have heard from the beginning, that we should love one another;</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
