<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, March 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20"><span id="page29" class="pageNum" data-no="29" data-before-text="29"></span>Saturday, March 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class="themeScrp"><em>Just as the Father has loved me, so I have loved you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 15:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">Jesus perfectly reflected Jehovah’s intense love for us in everything that he did. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 John 4:8-10</a>) Above all, Jesus was moved from the heart to give his life in our behalf. Whether we are of the anointed or of the “other sheep,” we benefit from the love that Jehovah and his Son have shown to us by means of that sacrifice. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 10:16;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 1 John 2:2</a>) Think, too, about the very nature of the Memorial meal; it reveals Jesus’ love and consideration for his disciples. How so? Jesus showed love for his spirit-begotten followers by instituting, not a complicated ritual, but a simple meal for them to observe. As time passed, those anointed disciples needed to observe the Memorial each year, doing so under various circumstances, including imprisonment. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Rev. 2:10</a>) Were they able to obey Jesus? Yes, they were! Down to modern times, true Christians have sought to commemorate Jesus’ death. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>24 ¶13-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 15:9)</strong></a> Just as the Father has loved me, so I have loved you; remain in my love.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 John 4:8-10)</strong></a> Whoever does not love has not come to know God, because God is love. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>By this the love of God was revealed in our case, that God sent his only-begotten Son into the world so that we might gain life through him. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>The love is in this respect, not that we have loved God, but that he loved us and sent his Son as a propitiatory sacrifice* for our sins.</p><p></p><p>Or “an atoning sacrifice; a means of appeasement.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 10:16)</strong></a> “And I have other sheep, which are not of this fold; those too I must bring in, and they will listen to my voice, and they will become one flock, one shepherd.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 John 2:2)</strong></a> And he is a propitiatory sacrifice* for our sins, yet not for ours only but also for the whole world’s.</p><p></p><p>Or “an atoning sacrifice; a means of appeasement.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rev. 2:10)</strong></a> Do not be afraid of the things you are about to suffer. Look! The Devil will keep on throwing some of you into prison so that you may be fully put to the test, and you will have tribulation for ten days. Prove yourself faithful even to death, and I will give you the crown of life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
