<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, March 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65"><span id="page34" class="pageNum" data-no="34" data-before-text="34"></span>Sunday, March 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class="themeScrp"><em>Let your light shine before men.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 5:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">One way we let our light shine is by preaching the good news and making disciples. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 28:19, 20</a>) In addition, we can glorify Jehovah by our Christian conduct. Householders and passersby observe our behavior. Our friendly smile and warm greeting say much about who we are and what kind of God we worship. “When you enter the house,” Jesus told his disciples, “greet the household.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 10:12</a>) In the area where Jesus and the apostles often preached, it was not unusual for people to invite strangers into their homes. Today, this is not the custom in many places. Still, your positive, friendly manner as you explain why you are there can often allay a householder’s concern or ease his irritation. A pleasant smile is often the best introduction. That has also proved true when brothers and sisters engage in public witnessing using a literature cart. You may find that people often react favorably to a pleasant smile and greeting. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>22 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:16)</strong></a> Likewise, let your light shine before men, so that they may see your fine works and give glory to your Father who is in the heavens.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19, 20)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit, <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you. And look! I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 10:12)</strong></a> When you enter the house, greet the household.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
