<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, March 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74"><span id="page35" class="pageNum" data-no="35" data-before-text="35"></span>Wednesday, March 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="themeScrp"><em>The people were quarreling with Moses.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Num. 20:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">Despite Moses’ long record of unselfish leadership, the people complained not only about the lack of water but also about Moses, as if it were his fault that they were thirsty. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Num. 20:1-5,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 9-11</a>) In the heat of anger, Moses lost his mild disposition. Rather than speak in faith to the rock, as Jehovah had commanded, Moses spoke in bitterness to the people and gave credit to himself. Then, he struck the rock twice and much water gushed out. Pride and anger caused him to make a painful mistake. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 106:32, 33</a>) For his temporary lack of meekness, Moses was not allowed to enter the Promised Land. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Num. 20:12</a>) From this incident, we learn valuable lessons. First, we must constantly work at maintaining our meek attitude. If we neglect it for a moment, pride may reassert itself and cause us to speak and act foolishly. Second, stress can weaken us, so we must strive to be meek, even when we are under pressure. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>12-13 ¶19-21</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Num. 20:3)</strong></a> The people were quarreling with Moses, saying: “If only we had died when our brothers died before Jehovah!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Num. 20:1-5)</strong></a> In the first month, the entire assembly of the Israelites came into the wilderness of Zin, and the people began dwelling in Kaʹdesh. It was there that Mirʹi·am died and was buried. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>Now there was no water for the assembly, and they gathered together against Moses and Aaron. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>The people were quarreling with Moses, saying: “If only we had died when our brothers died before Jehovah! <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Why have you brought Jehovah’s congregation into this wilderness for us and our livestock to die here? <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>And why have you led us up out of Egypt to bring us into this evil place? It is no place for seed and figs and vines and pomegranates, and there is no water to drink.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Num. 20:9-11)</strong></a> So Moses took the rod from before Jehovah, just as He had commanded him. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Then Moses and Aaron called the congregation together before the crag, and he said to them: “Hear, now, you rebels! Must we bring out water for you from this crag?” <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>With that Moses lifted his hand up and struck the crag twice with his rod, and much water began to pour out, and the assembly and their livestock began to drink.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 106:32, 33)</strong></a> They provoked Him at the waters of Merʹi·bah,* And it went badly for Moses because of them. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>They embittered his spirit, And he spoke rashly with his lips.</p><p></p><p>Meaning “Quarreling.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Num. 20:12)</strong></a> Jehovah later said to Moses and Aaron: “Because you did not show faith in me and sanctify me before the eyes of the people of Israel, you will not bring this congregation into the land that I will give them.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
