<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, March 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89">Monday, March 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class="themeScrp"><em>All those who were rightly disposed for everlasting life became believers.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 13:48</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">If we are patient with people in the ministry, we will not expect them to understand or accept Bible truth the first time they hear it. As an example, consider how we might reason with someone about the hope of everlasting life on a paradise earth. Many believe that death is the end of it all or that all good people go to heaven. One brother relates an approach that he finds effective. First, he reads <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Genesis 1:28</a>. Then, he asks the householder where and in what conditions God wanted the human family to live. Most people answer, “On earth, in good conditions.” Next, the brother reads <span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isaiah 55:11</a> and asks whether God’s purpose has changed. Often, the householder will answer no. Finally, the brother reads <span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Psalm 37:10, 11</a> and asks what mankind’s future will be like. Using this Scriptural reasoning, he has helped a number of people to understand that God still wants good people to live forever in Paradise on earth. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.03 </em>24 ¶14-15;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation2"> 25 ¶19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 13:48)</strong></a> When those of the nations heard this, they began to rejoice and to glorify the word of Jehovah, and all those who were rightly disposed for everlasting life became believers.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 1:28)</strong></a> Further, God blessed them, and God said to them: “Be fruitful and become many, fill the earth and subdue it, and have in subjection the fish of the sea and the flying creatures of the heavens and every living creature that is moving on the earth.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 55:11)</strong></a> So my word that goes out of my mouth will be.* It will not return to me without results, But it will certainly accomplish whatever is my delight,* And it will have sure success in what I send it to do.</p><p></p><p>Or “will prove to be.”</p><p>Or “my will.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:10, 11)</strong></a> Just a little while longer, and the wicked will be no more; You will look at where they were, And they will not be there. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>But the meek will possess the earth, And they will find exquisite delight in the abundance of peace.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
