<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, March 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83"><span id="page36" class="pageNum" data-no="36" data-before-text="36"></span>Saturday, March 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class="themeScrp"><em>The good news has to be preached first.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Mark 13:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">A young person who focuses his life on the desire to please Jehovah gives special attention to the ministry. Because the preaching work is so urgent, it should be high on our list of priorities. Could you set the goal of sharing in the ministry more often? Could you pioneer? But what if you find little joy in preaching? And how can you be more effective at giving a witness? Two basic steps will help: Prepare well, and do not give up sharing what you know with others. It might surprise you how much joy you will then find when preaching. You could start by working out an answer to a question commonly raised by schoolmates, such as “Why do you believe in God?” Our jw.org website contains articles designed to help young people work out for themselves how to answer that question. There you will find a worksheet entitled “<a href="http://www.jw.org/finder?docID=502014157&amp;prefer=content&amp;wtlocale=E">Why Do I Believe in God?</a>” The worksheet will guide you in preparing your own answer. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>27 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Mark 13:10)</strong></a> Also, in all the nations, the good news has to be preached first.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
