<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, March 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Thursday, March 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class="themeScrp"><em>Stop being molded by this system of things.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 12:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">Some people resist the idea of having <em>anyone </em>mold or influence their thoughts. “I think for myself,” they say. They probably mean that they make their own decisions and that it is proper to do so. They do not wish to be controlled, nor do they want to surrender their individuality. We can be assured, however, that bringing our thinking into harmony with Jehovah’s does not mean giving up all individual thought or expression. As stated at <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Corinthians 3:17</a>, “where the spirit of Jehovah is, there is freedom.” We are free to develop our own distinct personalities. We can have our personal preferences and choose our fields of interest. Indeed, Jehovah designed us to do so. However, we cannot use our freedom without restraint. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Pet. 2:16</a>) When it comes to issues of right and wrong, Jehovah wants us to be guided by his thinking as revealed in his Word. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>19 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:2)</strong></a> And stop being molded by this system of things, but be transformed by making your mind over, so that you may prove to yourselves the good and acceptable and perfect will of God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 3:17)</strong></a> Now Jehovah* is the Spirit, and where the spirit of Jehovah* is, there is freedom.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:16)</strong></a> Be as free people, using your freedom, not as a cover* for doing wrong, but as slaves of God.</p><p></p><p>Or “an excuse.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
