<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, March 31
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p92" data-pid="92"><span id="page37" class="pageNum" data-no="37" data-before-text="37"></span>Tuesday, March 31</h2>
</header>
<p id="p93" data-pid="93" class="themeScrp"><em>Listen to him.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 17:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p94" data-pid="94" class="p94">Jehovah made it clear that he wants us to listen to his Son’s words and obey them. Jesus lovingly taught his followers how to preach the good news, and he repeatedly reminded them to keep on the watch. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 24:42;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 28:19, 20</a>) He also urged them to exert themselves vigorously, and he encouraged them not to give up. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Luke 13:24</a>) Jesus stressed the need for his followers to love one another, to remain united, and to observe his commandments. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">John 15:10,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 12, 13</a>) That counsel is just as valid today as it was when Jesus gave it. Jesus said: “Everyone who is on the side of the truth listens to my voice.” (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">John 18:37</a>) We show that we are listening to his voice when we “continue putting up with one another and forgiving one another freely.” (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Col. 3:13;</a><span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9"> Luke 17:3, 4</a>) We further show that we are listening to his voice by zealously preaching the good news “in favorable times and difficult times.”​—<span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10">2 Tim. 4:2</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.03 </em>10 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p95" data-pid="95" class="p95"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 17:5)</strong></a> While he was still speaking, look! a bright cloud overshadowed them, and look! a voice out of the cloud said: “This is my Son, the beloved, whom I have approved. Listen to him.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:42)</strong></a> Keep on the watch, therefore, because you do not know on what day your Lord is coming.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19, 20)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit, <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you. And look! I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 13:24)</strong></a> “Exert yourselves vigorously to get in through the narrow door, because many, I tell you, will seek to get in but will not be able.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 15:10)</strong></a> If you observe my commandments, you will remain in my love, just as I have observed the commandments of the Father and remain in his love.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(John 15:12, 13)</strong></a> This is my commandment, that you love one another just as I have loved you. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>No one has love greater than this, that someone should surrender his life in behalf of his friends.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(John 18:37)</strong></a> So Pilate said to him: “Well, then, are you a king?” Jesus answered: “You yourself are saying that I am a king. For this I have been born, and for this I have come into the world, that I should bear witness to the truth. Everyone who is on the side of the truth listens to my voice.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Col. 3:13)</strong></a> Continue putting up with one another and forgiving one another freely even if anyone has a cause for complaint against another. Just as Jehovah* freely forgave you, you must also do the same.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Luke 17:3, 4)</strong></a> Pay attention to yourselves. If your brother commits a sin, rebuke him, and if he repents, forgive him. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Even if he sins seven times a day against you and he comes back to you seven times, saying, ‘I repent,’ you must forgive him.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 4:2)</strong></a> Preach the word; be at it urgently in favorable times and difficult times; reprove, reprimand, exhort, with all patience and art of teaching.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
