<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, March 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11"><span id="page28" class="pageNum" data-no="28" data-before-text="28"></span>Wednesday, March 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class="themeScrp"><em>The law of the spirit that gives life in union with Christ Jesus has set you free from the law of sin and of death.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 8:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">When we realize the true value of a costly gift, we are moved to show our gratitude to the giver. The Israelites did not appreciate the freedom that Jehovah bestowed upon them when he delivered them from slavery in Egypt. Within a few months of their deliverance, they began to long for the food and drink they once had in Egypt and complained about Jehovah’s provisions, even wanting to return to Egypt. Just imagine, they put ‘fish, cucumbers, watermelons, leeks, onions, and garlic’ above their God-given freedom to worship the true God, Jehovah. Is it any wonder that Jehovah became very angry with his people? (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Num. 11:5, 6,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 10;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 14:3, 4</a>) What a lesson for us! The apostle Paul urged all Christians not to take for granted the freedom that Jehovah has kindly given us through his Son, Jesus Christ.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Cor. 6:1</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>9-10 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:2)</strong></a> For the law of the spirit that gives life in union with Christ Jesus has set you free from the law of sin and of death.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Num. 11:5, 6)</strong></a> How fondly we remember the fish that we used to eat without cost in Egypt, also the cucumbers, the watermelons, the leeks, the onions, and the garlic! <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>But now we* are withering away. We see nothing at all except this manna.”</p><p></p><p>Or “our souls.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Num. 11:10)</strong></a> Moses heard the people weeping, family after family, each man at the entrance of his tent. And Jehovah became very angry, and Moses was also very displeased.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Num. 14:3, 4)</strong></a> Why is Jehovah bringing us to this land to fall by the sword? Our wives and children will become plunder. Is it not better for us to return to Egypt?” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>They were even saying to one another: “Let us appoint a leader and return to Egypt!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 6:1)</strong></a> Working together with him, we also urge you not to accept the undeserved kindness of God and miss its purpose.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
