<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, March 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8">Tuesday, March 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class="themeScrp"><em>I have approved you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Mark 1:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">Jehovah’s example in expressing love and approval reminds us to look for opportunities to encourage others. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 5:20</a>) We blossom when someone we care about shows love to us and commends us for the good we do. Likewise, our brothers and sisters in the congregation and our family members need our love and encouragement. When we commend others, we strengthen their faith and help them to serve Jehovah loyally. Parents especially need to encourage their children. When parents commend their children sincerely and show them affection, they help their children to flourish. The words: “I have approved you” show that Jehovah was confident that Jesus would faithfully carry out his Father’s will. Jehovah has such confidence in his Son, so we can likewise be completely confident that Jesus will faithfully carry out all of Jehovah’s promises. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Cor. 1:20</a>) When we consider Jesus’ example, we are even more determined to learn from him and to follow in his footsteps.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Pet. 2:21</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.03 </em>8 ¶3;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation2"> 9 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Mark 1:11)</strong></a> And a voice came out of the heavens: “You are my Son, the beloved; I have approved you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 5:20)</strong></a> For the Father has affection for the Son and shows him all the things he himself does, and he will show him works greater than these, so that you may marvel.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 1:20)</strong></a> For no matter how many the promises of God are, they have become “yes” by means of him. Therefore, also through him is the “Amen” said to God, which brings him glory through us.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:21)</strong></a> In fact, to this course you were called, because even Christ suffered for you, leaving a model for you to follow his steps closely.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
