<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, March 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71">Tuesday, March 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class="themeScrp"><em>Stand firm . . . wearing the breastplate of righteousness.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 6:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">One type of breastplate worn by a Roman soldier in the first century consisted of overlapping horizontal strips of iron. This type of garment required that he regularly check that the plates were firmly fixed in place in order to protect his heart and other vital organs. What an appropriate symbol of how Jehovah’s righteous standards can protect our figurative heart! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 4:23</a>) Just as a soldier would not swap a breastplate of iron for one made of an inferior metal, we would never want to exchange Jehovah’s standards of what is right for our own. Our judgment is just too flawed to offer us the protection that we need. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 3:5, 6</a>) Instead, we regularly check that the ‘iron plates’ Jehovah has given us are firmly fixed over our heart. And the more we love divine truths, the easier it is to carry our “breastplate,” that is, to live by God’s righteous standards.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 111:7, 8;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 1 John 5:3</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>28 ¶3-4,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation2"> 6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:14)</strong></a> Stand firm, therefore, with the belt of truth fastened around your waist, wearing the breastplate of righteousness,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 4:23)</strong></a> Above all the things that you guard, safeguard your heart, For out of it are the sources of life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 3:5, 6)</strong></a> Trust in Jehovah with all your heart, And do not rely* on your own understanding.  <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>In all your ways take notice of him, And he will make your paths straight.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “lean.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 111:7, 8)</strong></a> The works of his hands are truth and justice; Trustworthy are all his orders.  <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>They are always reliable,* now and forever; They are made in truth and righteousness.</p><p></p><p>Or “well-founded.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 John 5:3)</strong></a> For this is what the love of God means, that we observe his commandments; and yet his commandments are not burdensome,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
