<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, March 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38"><span id="page31" class="pageNum" data-no="31" data-before-text="31"></span>Friday, March 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class="themeScrp"><em>Demas has forsaken me because he loved the present system of things.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Tim. 4:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">When we learned the truth, our interest in material things became secondary to our spiritual pursuits. We were happy to make material sacrifices in order to walk in the truth. Over time, however, we may see others buying the latest electronic devices or enjoying other material advantages. We could begin to feel that we are losing out. No longer content with the necessities, we might put spiritual pursuits aside in favor of accumulating material possessions. Such a course reminds us of Demas. His love for “the present system of things” led him to abandon a life of service with the apostle Paul. Why did Demas leave Paul? Whether he loved material things more than spiritual activities or he was no longer willing to make personal sacrifices in order to serve with Paul, the Bible does not say. We surely do not want to rekindle a desire for material things and let those attractions crowd out our love for the truth. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>10 ¶9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 4:10)</strong></a> For Deʹmas has forsaken me because he loved the present system of things,* and he has gone to Thes·sa·lo·niʹca, Cresʹcens to Ga·laʹti·a, Titus to Dal·maʹtia.</p><p></p><p>Or “present age.” See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
