<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, March 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Friday, March 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>Have intense love for one another.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 4:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">Our appreciation for Jehovah’s special friendship is shown in how we treat fellow worshippers. They too belong to Jehovah. If we never lose sight of that fact, we will always treat our brothers and sisters with kindness and love. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Thess. 5:15</a>) Jesus said to his followers: “By this all will know that you are my disciples​—if you have love among yourselves.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 13:35</a>) Interestingly, Malachi depicted Jehovah as “paying attention and listening” as His people interact with one another. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Mal. 3:16</a>) Jehovah indeed “knows those who belong to him.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Tim. 2:19</a>) He is keenly aware of every single thing we do and say. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Heb. 4:13</a>) When we are less than kind to our fellow worshippers, Jehovah is “paying attention and listening.” When we are hospitable, generous, forgiving, and kind to one another, we can be sure that Jehovah takes notice of that as well.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Heb. 13:16</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>26 ¶15,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation2"> 17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 4:8)</strong></a> Above all things, have intense love for one another, because love covers a multitude of sins.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:15)</strong></a> See that no one repays injury for injury to anyone, but always pursue what is good toward one another and to all others.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 13:35)</strong></a> By this all will know that you are my disciples—if you have love among yourselves.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Mal. 3:16)</strong></a> At that time those who fear Jehovah spoke with one another, each one with his companion, and Jehovah kept paying attention and listening. And a book of remembrance was written before him for those fearing Jehovah and for those meditating on* his name.</p><p></p><p>Or “thinking on.” Or possibly, “treasuring.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 2:19)</strong></a> Despite that, the solid foundation of God remains standing, having this seal, “Jehovah* knows those who belong to him,” and, “Let everyone calling on the name of Jehovah* renounce unrighteousness.”</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Heb. 4:13)</strong></a> And there is not a creation that is hidden from his sight, but all things are naked and openly exposed to the eyes of the one to whom we must give an account.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:16)</strong></a> Moreover, do not forget to do good and to share what you have with others, for God is well-pleased with such sacrifices.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
