<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, March 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Monday, March 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp"><em>God is not partial.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 10:34</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">The apostle Peter had a custom of associating only with Jews. But after God made it clear that Christians should not be partial, Peter preached to Cornelius, a Roman soldier. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 10:28,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 35</a>) Thereafter, Peter enjoyed food and association with Gentile believers. Years later, though, Peter stopped eating with non-Jewish Christians in the city of Antioch. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gal. 2:11-14</a>) In that case, Paul gave Peter a fitting reproof, which he evidently accepted. When Peter wrote his first letter to Jewish and Gentile Christians in Asia Minor, he spoke warmly about the <em>whole </em>association of brothers. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Pet. 1:1;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 2:17</a>) Clearly, the apostles did learn from Jesus’ example to love “all sorts of men.” (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">John 12:32;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> 1 Tim. 4:10</a>) Although it took time, they adjusted their way of thinking. Putting on “the new personality,” the early Christians came to view all people as equal in the sight of God.​—<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">Col. 3:10, 11</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>11 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 10:34)</strong></a> At this Peter began to speak, and he said: “Now I truly understand that God is not partial,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 10:28)</strong></a> He said to them: “You well know how unlawful it is for a Jew to associate with or approach a man of another race, and yet God has shown me that I should call no man defiled or unclean.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 10:35)</strong></a> but in every nation the man who fears him and does what is right is acceptable to him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gal. 2:11-14)</strong></a> However, when Ceʹphas* came to Antioch, I resisted* him face-to-face, because he was clearly in the wrong.* <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>For before certain men from James arrived, he used to eat with people of the nations; but when they arrived, he stopped doing this and separated himself, fearing those of the circumcised class. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>The rest of the Jews also joined him in putting on this pretense,* so that even Barʹna·bas was led along with them in their pretense.* <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>But when I saw that they were not walking in step with the truth of the good news, I said to Ceʹphas* before them all: “If you, though you are a Jew, live as the nations do and not as Jews do, how can you compel people of the nations to live according to Jewish practice?”</p><p></p><p>Also called Peter.</p><p>Or “confronted.”</p><p>Or “he stood condemned.”</p><p>Or “hypocrisy.”</p><p>Or “hypocrisy.”</p><p>Also called Peter.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 1:1)</strong></a> Peter, an apostle of Jesus Christ, to the temporary residents scattered about in Ponʹtus, Ga·laʹti·a, Cap·pa·doʹci·a, Asia, and Bi·thynʹi·a, to those chosen</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:17)</strong></a> Honor men of all sorts, have love for the whole association of brothers,* be in fear of God, honor the king.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the brotherhood.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(John 12:32)</strong></a> And yet I, if I am lifted up from the earth, will draw all sorts of men to myself.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 4:10)</strong></a> This is why we are working hard and exerting ourselves, because we have rested our hope on a living God, who is a Savior of all sorts of men, especially of faithful ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Col. 3:10, 11)</strong></a> and clothe yourselves with the new personality, which through accurate knowledge is being made new according to the image of the One who created it, <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>where there is neither Greek nor Jew, circumcision nor uncircumcision, foreigner, Scythʹi·an,* slave, or freeman; but Christ is all things and in all.</p><p></p><p>“Scythian” implied an uncivilized person.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
