<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, March 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Wednesday, March 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class="themeScrp"><em>Above all the things that you guard, safeguard your heart.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 4:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">Solomon became king of Israel when he was just a young man. In the early part of his reign, Jehovah appeared to him in a dream and said: “Ask what you would like me to give you.” Solomon replied: “I am just a youth and I am inexperienced. . . . So grant your servant an obedient heart to judge your people.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Ki. 3:5-10</a>) “An obedient heart”​—what a modest request that was! No wonder Jehovah loved Solomon! (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Sam. 12:24</a>) Our God was so pleased with the young king’s answer that he gave Solomon “a wise and understanding heart.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Ki. 3:12</a>) As long as he was faithful, Solomon enjoyed many blessings. He had the honor of building a temple “for the name of Jehovah the God of Israel.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Ki. 8:20</a>) He became famous for his God-given wisdom. And the things he said when he was inspired by God are recorded in three books of the Bible. One of these is the book of Proverbs. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>14 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 4:23)</strong></a> Above all the things that you guard, safeguard your heart, For out of it are the sources of life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 3:5-10)</strong></a> In Gibʹe·on Jehovah appeared to Solʹo·mon in a dream by night, and God said: “Ask what you would like me to give you.” <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>At this Solʹo·mon said: “You have shown great loyal love toward your servant David my father as he walked before you in faithfulness and in righteousness and in uprightness of heart. You have continued to show him this great loyal love down to this day by giving him a son to sit on his throne. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>And now, Jehovah my God, you have made your servant king in the place of David my father, though I am just a youth* and I am inexperienced.* <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Your servant is among your people whom you have chosen, a people so vast that they cannot be numbered or counted. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>So grant your servant an obedient heart to judge your people, to discern between good and bad, for who is able to judge this numerous* people of yours?” <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>It was pleasing to Jehovah that Solʹo·mon had requested this.</p><p></p><p>Or “little boy.”</p><p>Lit., “and I do not know going out and coming in.”</p><p>Or possibly, “difficult.” Lit., “heavy.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 12:24)</strong></a> Then David comforted his wife Bath-sheʹba. He went in to her and lay down with her. In time she bore a son, and he was named Solʹo·mon.* And Jehovah loved him,</p><p></p><p>From a Hebrew word meaning “Peace.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 3:12)</strong></a> I will do what you asked. I will give you a wise and understanding heart, so that just as there has never been anyone like you before, there will never be anyone like you again.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 8:20)</strong></a> Jehovah has carried out the promise that he made, for I have succeeded my father David and I sit on the throne of Israel, just as Jehovah promised. I have also built the house for the name of Jehovah the God of Israel</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
