<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, March 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Monday, March 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>How beautiful . . . are the feet of the one bringing good news.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 52:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">In this present system, we endure only with Jehovah’s help. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 4:7, 8</a>) But think of those who struggle to survive in this world without a close friendship with Jehovah. Like Jesus, we feel pity for them, and we are moved to bring them “good news of something better.” So be patient with those whom you teach. Remember, they may never have considered some of the Bible truths we know very well. And many have a strong emotional connection to their current beliefs. They may see their religious views as uniting them with their family, their culture, and their community. Before we ask people to give up their cherished “old” beliefs, we may first need to help them build a strong appreciation for “new” truths​—Bible teachings that at the outset are unfamiliar to them. Only then will they be ready to abandon their former viewpoint. It may take time to help people make such changes.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 12:2</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.03 </em>23 ¶10,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation2"> 12;</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation3"> 24 ¶13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 52:7)</strong></a> How beautiful on the mountains are the feet of the one bringing good news, The one proclaiming peace, The one bringing good news of something better, The one proclaiming salvation, The one saying to Zion: “Your God has become King!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 4:7, 8)</strong></a> However, we have this treasure in earthen vessels,* so that the power beyond what is normal may be God’s and not from us. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>We are hard-pressed in every way, but not cramped beyond movement; we are perplexed, but not absolutely with no way out;*</p><p></p><p>Or “in jars of clay.”</p><p>Or possibly, “not left in despair.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:2)</strong></a> And stop being molded by this system of things, but be transformed by making your mind over, so that you may prove to yourselves the good and acceptable and perfect will of God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
