<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, March 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Friday, March 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>I was appointed . . . a teacher of nations in the matter of faith and truth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Tim. 2:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">In the first century, perhaps the apostle who did the most to encourage his brothers was the apostle Paul. He was sent by the holy spirit to preach to the people of the nations of the Greco-Roman world, who worshipped many gods. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gal. 2:7-9</a>) Paul traveled far and wide in what is now Turkey, as well as in Greece and Italy, establishing Christian congregations among non-Jews. These newly converted Christians “suffered at the hands of [their] own countrymen” and needed encouragement. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Thess. 2:14</a>) About the year 50 C.E., Paul wrote to the young congregation in Thessalonica: “We always thank God when we mention all of you in our prayers, for we continually remember your faithful work, your loving labor, and your endurance.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Thess. 1:2, 3</a>) He also exhorted them to strengthen one another, saying: “Keep encouraging one another and building one another up.”​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Thess. 5:11</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>18-19 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 2:7)</strong></a> For the purpose of this witness I was appointed a preacher and an apostle—I am telling the truth, I am not lying—a teacher of nations in the matter of faith and truth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gal. 2:7-9)</strong></a> On the contrary, when they saw that I had been entrusted with the good news for those who are uncircumcised, just as Peter had been for those who are circumcised— <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>for the one who empowered Peter for an apostleship to those who are circumcised also empowered me for those who are of the nations— <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>and when they recognized the undeserved kindness that was given me, James and Ceʹphas* and John, the ones who seemed to be pillars, gave Barʹna·bas and me the right hand of fellowship,* so that we should go to the nations but they to those who are circumcised.</p><p></p><p>Also called Peter.</p><p>Or “partnership.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 2:14)</strong></a> For you, brothers, became imitators of the congregations of God in union with Christ Jesus that are in Ju·deʹa, because you suffered at the hands of your own countrymen the same things that they also are suffering at the hands of the Jews,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 1:2, 3)</strong></a> We always thank God when we mention all of you in our prayers, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>for we continually remember your faithful work, your loving labor, and your endurance because of your hope in our Lord Jesus Christ in the presence of our God and Father.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:11)</strong></a> Therefore, keep encouraging* one another and building one another up, just as you are in fact doing.</p><p></p><p>Or “comforting.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
