<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, March 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Sunday, March 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class="themeScrp"><em>Happy are the peacemakers, since they will be called sons of God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 5:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">Those who take the initiative to make peace have good reason to be happy. The disciple James wrote: “The fruit of righteousness is sown in peaceful conditions for those who are making peace.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jas. 3:18</a>) When we have a strained relationship with someone either in the congregation or in the family, we can plead for God’s help to be peacemakers. Thus, Jehovah’s holy spirit, righteous conduct, and happiness can predominate. Jesus emphasized the importance of taking the initiative to make peace when he said: “If, then, you are bringing your gift to the altar and there you remember that your brother has something against you, leave your gift there in front of the altar, and go away. First make your peace with your brother, and then come back and offer your gift.”​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 5:23, 24</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>21 ¶17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:9)</strong></a> “Happy are the peacemakers, since they will be called sons of God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jas. 3:18)</strong></a> Moreover, the fruit of righteousness is sown in peaceful conditions for* those who are making peace.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “by.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:23, 24)</strong></a> “If, then, you are bringing your gift to the altar and there you remember that your brother has something against you, <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>leave your gift there in front of the altar, and go away. First make your peace with your brother, and then come back and offer your gift.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
