<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, March 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Friday, March 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>Where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 6:21</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">Job was careful about his behavior with those of the opposite sex. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Job 31:1</a>) He knew that it was improper to pay romantic attention to any woman other than his wife. Today, we live in a world that bombards us with sexual temptation. Like Job, will we refuse to pay improper attention to anyone to whom we are not married? Will we also refuse to look at lewd or pornographic images in any form? (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 5:28</a>) If we exert such self-control daily, we will strengthen ourselves to keep our integrity. Job also obeyed Jehovah in the way he viewed material things. Job saw that if he put his trust in his possessions, he would commit a grave error deserving of punishment. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Job 31:24, 25,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 28</a>) Today, we live in a very materialistic world. If we develop a balanced view of money and possessions, as the Bible admonishes us to do, we will strengthen our determination to keep our integrity.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Prov. 30:8, 9;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> Matt. 6:19, 20</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>6 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:21)</strong></a> For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Job 31:1)</strong></a> “I have made a covenant with my eyes. So how could I show improper attention to a virgin?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:28)</strong></a> But I say to you that everyone who keeps on looking at a woman so as to have a passion for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Job 31:24, 25)</strong></a> If I put my confidence in gold Or said to fine gold, ‘You are my security!’ <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>If I found my joy in my great wealth Because of the many possessions I acquired;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Job 31:28)</strong></a> Then that would be an error deserving punishment by the judges, For I would have denied the true God above.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Prov. 30:8, 9)</strong></a> Remove untruth and lies far from me. Give me neither poverty nor riches. Just let me consume my portion of food,  <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>So that I do not become satisfied and deny you and say, “Who is Jehovah?” Nor let me become poor and steal and dishonor* the name of my God.</p><p></p><p>Or “assail.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:19, 20)</strong></a> “Stop storing up for yourselves treasures on the earth, where moth and rust consume and where thieves break in and steal. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>Rather, store up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust consumes, and where thieves do not break in and steal.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
