<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, March 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Thursday, March 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class="themeScrp"><em>He loves righteousness and justice. The earth is filled with Jehovah’s loyal love.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 33:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">All of us want to be loved. And all of us want to be treated fairly. If we are repeatedly denied love and justice, we may feel worthless and hopeless. Jehovah knows that we long for love and yearn for justice. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 33:5</a>) We can be sure that our God loves us dearly and wants us to be treated fairly. This becomes evident when we look closely at the Law that Jehovah gave to the nation of Israel through Moses. As we study the Mosaic Law, we discover the warm feelings of our loving God, Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 13:8-10</a>) We can note that the Mosaic Law was built on love because love motivates all that Jehovah does. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 John 4:8</a>) Jehovah founded that entire code of laws on two basic commands​—love God, and love your neighbor. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Lev. 19:18;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Deut. 6:5;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> Matt. 22:36-40</a>) Each of the 600 and more commandments that make up the Law reveals a facet of Jehovah’s love. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>20-21 ¶1-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 33:5)</strong></a> He loves righteousness and justice. The earth is filled with Jehovah’s loyal love.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 33:5)</strong></a> He loves righteousness and justice. The earth is filled with Jehovah’s loyal love.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 13:8-10)</strong></a> Do not owe anything to anyone except to love one another; for whoever loves his fellow man has fulfilled the law. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>For the law code, “You must not commit adultery, you must not murder, you must not steal, you must not covet,” and whatever other commandment there is, is summed up in this saying: “You must love your neighbor as yourself.” <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Love does not work evil to one’s neighbor; therefore, love is the law’s fulfillment.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 John 4:8)</strong></a> Whoever does not love has not come to know God, because God is love.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Lev. 19:18)</strong></a> “‘You must not take vengeance nor hold a grudge against the sons of your people, and you must love your fellow man as yourself. I am Jehovah.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Deut. 6:5)</strong></a> You must love Jehovah your God with all your heart and all your soul* and all your strength.*</p><p></p><p>See Glossary.</p><p>Or “vital force; resources.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Matt. 22:36-40)</strong></a> “Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the Law?” <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>He said to him: “‘You must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind.’ <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>This is the greatest and first commandment. <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>The second, like it, is this: ‘You must love your neighbor as yourself.’ <strong><sup>40 </sup></strong>On these two commandments the whole Law hangs, and the Prophets.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
