<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, March 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Sunday, March 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="themeScrp"><em>Be fruitful and become many.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 1:28</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">Even though Adam and Eve initially enjoyed freedom in many ways, there were limits imposed on them. Some of them were instinctive, but they were limits nonetheless. For example, our first parents knew that to keep on living, they had to breathe, eat, sleep, and so on. Would they feel a loss of freedom for having to do these things? No, for Jehovah saw to it that even in doing such routine things, they could find enjoyment and contentment. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 104:14, 15;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Eccl. 3:12, 13</a>) Jehovah specifically commanded Adam and Eve to populate the earth and to take care of it. Did this command in some way deprive them of their freedom? Of course not! It was given to enable humans to participate in their Creator’s purpose​—to make the earth into a global paradise home for a race of perfect humans forever. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 127:3;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Isa. 45:18</a>) Enjoying their marriage and family for all eternity could have been Adam and Eve’s happy lot in life. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>4-5 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 1:28)</strong></a> Further, God blessed them, and God said to them: “Be fruitful and become many, fill the earth and subdue it, and have in subjection the fish of the sea and the flying creatures of the heavens and every living creature that is moving on the earth.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 104:14, 15)</strong></a> He is making grass grow for the cattle And vegetation for mankind’s use, To grow food from the land <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>And wine that makes man’s heart rejoice, Oil that makes the face shine, And bread that sustains the heart of mortal man.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eccl. 3:12, 13)</strong></a> I have concluded that there is nothing better for them than to rejoice and to do good during their life, <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>also that everyone should eat and drink and find enjoyment for all his hard work. It is the gift of God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 127:3)</strong></a> Look! Sons* are an inheritance from Jehovah; The fruit of the womb is a reward.</p><p></p><p>Or “Children.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Isa. 45:18)</strong></a> For this is what Jehovah says, The Creator of the heavens, the true God, The One who formed the earth, its Maker who firmly established it, Who did not create it simply for nothing,* but formed it to be inhabited: “I am Jehovah, and there is no one else.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “to be empty.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
