<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, March 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page27" class="pageNum" data-no="27" data-before-text="27"></span><strong>March</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Sunday, March 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp"><em>You rule over everything.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Chron. 29:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">When reading the <span id="citationsource2"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted.xhtml#citation2">first two chapters of Genesis</a>, we can easily see that Adam and Eve enjoyed the kind of freedom that people today can only hope for​—freedom from want, from fear, and from oppression. The first couple’s life was completely free from worries about food, work, sickness, and death. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 1:27-29;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 2:8, 9,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 15</a>) When it comes to freedom, though, a key point for us to bear in mind is that Jehovah God alone has what can be called absolute and unlimited freedom. Why? Because he is the Creator of all things and the almighty Sovereign of the universe. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">1 Tim. 1:17;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> Rev. 4:11</a>) Accordingly, all creatures in heaven and on earth have freedom in only a relative sense. They must recognize that Jehovah God has the ultimate authority to impose what he determines to be just, necessary, and reasonable limits. That, in fact, was what Jehovah God did with his human creation right from the beginning. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>4 ¶4,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted.xhtml#pcitation2"> 6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Chron. 29:12)</strong></a> The riches and the glory are from you, and you rule over everything, and in your hand there are power and mightiness, and your hand is able to make great and to give strength to all.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 1:27-29)</strong></a> And God went on to create the man in his image, in God’s image he created him; male and female he created them. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>Further, God blessed them, and God said to them: “Be fruitful and become many, fill the earth and subdue it, and have in subjection the fish of the sea and the flying creatures of the heavens and every living creature that is moving on the earth.” <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>Then God said: “Here I have given to you every seed-bearing plant that is on the entire earth and every tree with seed-bearing fruit. Let them serve as food for you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gen. 2:8, 9)</strong></a> Further, Jehovah God planted a garden in Eʹden, toward the east; and there he put the man whom he had formed. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Thus Jehovah God made to grow out of the ground every tree that was pleasing to look at and good for food and also the tree of life in the middle of the garden and the tree of the knowledge of good and bad.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Gen. 2:15)</strong></a> Jehovah God took the man and settled him in the garden of Eʹden to cultivate it and to take care of it.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 1:17)</strong></a> Now to the King of eternity, incorruptible, invisible, the only God, be honor and glory forever and ever. Amen.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Rev. 4:11)</strong></a> “You are worthy, Jehovah* our God, to receive the glory and the honor and the power, because you created all things, and because of your will they came into existence and were created.”</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
