<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, March 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Monday, March 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="themeScrp"><em>A husband should not leave his wife.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 7:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">All Christians should strive to show regard for marriage, even as Jesus and Jehovah do. However, some may fail to do so, for humans are imperfect. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 7:18-23</a>) Thus, it should not shock us that some Christians in the first century had troubled marriages. Paul wrote that “a wife should not separate from her husband”; yet, in some cases that did occur. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 7:10</a>) Paul did not explain what led to such a separation. The problem was not, for example, that the husband had been immoral, giving the wife a basis for divorce and remarriage. Paul wrote that a wife who was separated from her husband should “remain unmarried or else be reconciled with her husband.” So the two were still united in God’s eyes. Paul advised that whatever the underlying problems, if sexual immorality is not involved, the goal should be reconciliation. The two could seek Bible-based help from congregation elders. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>13 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:11)</strong></a> But if she does separate, let her remain unmarried or else be reconciled with her husband; and a husband should not leave his wife.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 7:18-23)</strong></a> For I know that in me, that is, in my flesh, there dwells nothing good; for I have the desire to do what is fine but not the ability to carry it out. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>For I do not do the good that I wish, but the bad that I do not wish is what I practice. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>If, then, I do what I do not wish, I am no longer the one carrying it out, but it is the sin dwelling in me. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>I find, then, this law in my case: When I wish to do what is right, what is bad is present with me. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>I really delight in the law of God according to the man I am within, <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>but I see in my body another law warring against the law of my mind and leading me captive to sin’s law that is in my body.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:10)</strong></a> To the married people I give instructions, not I but the Lord, that a wife should not separate from her husband.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
