<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, March 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Wednesday, March 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class="themeScrp"><em>God was with him, and he rescued him out of all his tribulations.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 7:9, 10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">Joseph was about 17 years old when his own brothers out of jealousy sold him as a slave. Prior to this, Joseph had been his father’s favorite. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 37:2-4,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 23-28</a>) For about 13 years, Joseph had to endure slavery and imprisonment in Egypt, far away from his beloved father, Jacob. What helped Joseph not to give in to despair and bitterness? While suffering in prison, Joseph must have focused his mind on evidence of Jehovah’s blessing. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gen. 39:21;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Ps. 105:17-19</a>) The prophetic dreams that Joseph had when he was younger would also have given him confidence that he had Jehovah’s favor. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Gen. 37:5-11</a>) He likely poured out his anguish to Jehovah on more than one occasion. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Ps. 145:18</a>) In response to Joseph’s heartfelt prayers, Jehovah gave him the inner conviction that He would be “with him” in all his trials. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.10 </em>28 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 7:9, 10)</strong></a> And the family heads became jealous of Joseph and sold him into Egypt. But God was with him, <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>and he rescued him out of all his tribulations and gave him favor and wisdom before Pharʹaoh king of Egypt. And he appointed him to govern Egypt and his whole house.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 37:2-4)</strong></a> This is the history of Jacob. When Joseph was 17 years old, the young man was tending the flock with the sons of Bilʹhah and the sons of Zilʹpah, the wives of his father. And Joseph brought a bad report about them to their father. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his other sons because he was the son of his old age, and he had a special robe* made for him. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>When his brothers saw that their father loved him more than all his brothers, they began to hate him, and they could not speak peaceably to him.</p><p></p><p>Or “a beautiful long garment.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 37:23-28)</strong></a> So as soon as Joseph came to his brothers, they stripped Joseph of his robe, the special robe that he wore, <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>and they took him and threw him into the waterpit. At the time the pit was empty; there was no water in it. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>Then they sat down to eat. When they looked up, there was a caravan of Ishʹma·el·ites coming from Gilʹe·ad. Their camels were carrying labdanum gum, balsam, and resinous bark, and they were on their way down to Egypt. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>At this Judah said to his brothers: “What profit would there be if we killed our brother and covered over his blood? <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>Come, now, let us sell him to the Ishʹma·el·ites, and do not let our hand be upon him. After all, he is our brother, our flesh.” So they listened to their brother. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>And when the Midʹi·an·ite merchants were passing by, they lifted Joseph up out of the waterpit and sold him to the Ishʹma·el·ites for 20 pieces of silver. These men took Joseph into Egypt.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gen. 39:21)</strong></a> But Jehovah continued with Joseph and kept showing loyal love to him and granting him favor in the eyes of the chief officer of the prison.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 105:17-19)</strong></a> He sent ahead of them a man Who was sold to be a slave, Joseph. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>With fetters they bound* his feet, His neck was put in irons;* <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Until the time that his word proved true, The saying of Jehovah is what refined him.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “afflicted.”</p><p>Or “His soul came into iron.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Gen. 37:5-11)</strong></a> Later Joseph had a dream and told it to his brothers, and they found further reason to hate him. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>He said to them: “Please listen to this dream that I had. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>There we were binding sheaves in the middle of the field when my sheaf got up and stood erect and your sheaves encircled and bowed down to my sheaf.” <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>His brothers said to him: “Are you really going to make yourself king over us and dominate us?” So they found another reason to hate him, because of his dreams and what he said. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>After that he had still another dream, and he related it to his brothers: “I have had another dream. This time the sun and the moon and 11 stars were bowing down to me.” <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Then he related it to his father as well as his brothers, and his father rebuked him and said to him: “What is the meaning of this dream of yours? Am I as well as your mother and your brothers really going to come and bow down to the earth to you?” <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>And his brothers grew jealous of him, but his father kept the saying in mind.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Ps. 145:18)</strong></a> Jehovah is near to all those calling on him, To all who call on him in truth.*</p><p></p><p>Or “in sincerity.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
