<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, March 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Thursday, March 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class="themeScrp"><em>This good news of the Kingdom will be preached in all the inhabited earth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 24:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">Will obeying Jesus’ command to preach become burdensome? On the contrary. After relating his illustration of the vine, Jesus said that as Kingdom preachers, we will experience joy. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 15:11</a>) In fact, he assured us that his joy will become ours. How? Jesus compared himself to a vine and his disciples to branches. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 15:5</a>) A vine supports the branches. As long as the branches are attached to it, they receive water and nourishment that flows from the vine. Similarly, as long as we remain in union with Christ by closely following in his steps, we experience the same joy that he has in doing his Father’s will. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">John 4:34;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 17:13;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 1 Pet. 2:21</a>) Notes Hanne, a pioneer for over 40 years, “The joy I always feel after I have been in the ministry stimulates me to continue in Jehovah’s service.” Indeed, deep-seated joy gives us the strength to keep on preaching even in challenging territories.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Matt. 5:10-12</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>17 ¶2;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation2"> 20 ¶14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:14)</strong></a> And this good news of the Kingdom will be preached in all the inhabited earth for a witness to all the nations, and then the end will come.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 15:11)</strong></a> “These things I have spoken to you, so that my joy may be in you and your joy may be made full.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 15:5)</strong></a> I am the vine; you are the branches. Whoever remains in union with me and I in union with him, this one bears much fruit; for apart from me you can do* nothing at all.</p><p></p><p>Or “produce.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 4:34)</strong></a> Jesus said to them: “My food is to do the will of him who sent me and to finish his work.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 17:13)</strong></a> But now I am coming to you, and I am saying these things in the world, so that they may have my joy made complete in themselves.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:21)</strong></a> In fact, to this course you were called, because even Christ suffered for you, leaving a model for you to follow his steps closely.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:10-12)</strong></a> “Happy are those who have been persecuted for righteousness’ sake, since the Kingdom of the heavens belongs to them. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>“Happy are you when people reproach* you and persecute you and lyingly say every sort of wicked thing against you for my sake. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>Rejoice and be overjoyed, since your reward is great in the heavens, for in that way they persecuted the prophets prior to you.</p><p></p><p>Or “insult.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
