<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, March 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Tuesday, March 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="themeScrp"><em>If anyone does not provide for those who are his own, and especially for those who are members of his household, he has disowned the faith.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Tim. 5:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">Jehovah expects his servants to care for their families. For example, you may have to work to provide financially for your loved ones. Many mothers stay at home to look after their infants. And some adult children may have to care for infirm parents. These are necessary activities. If you have such responsibilities, you likely cannot set aside as much time for theocratic activities as you would like to. But take heart! Jehovah is pleased when you provide for your family. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 10:31</a>) If you do not have pressing family responsibilities, could you assist fellow worshippers who are caregivers and those who are infirm, elderly, or otherwise in need? Why not look around in your congregation and take note of who needs help? In doing so, you might be working with Jehovah to answer a prayer.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 10:24</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>24 ¶3,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation2"> 5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 5:8)</strong></a> Certainly if anyone does not provide for those who are his own, and especially for those who are members of his household, he has disowned the faith and is worse than a person without faith.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 10:31)</strong></a> Therefore, whether you are eating or drinking or doing anything else, do all things for God’s glory.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 10:24)</strong></a> Let each one keep seeking, not his own advantage, but that of the other person.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
