<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, March 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56"><span id="page33" class="pageNum" data-no="33" data-before-text="33"></span>Thursday, March 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class="themeScrp"><em>The poor man is hated even by his neighbors, but many are the friends of the rich person.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 14:20</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Material wealth is a factor that can affect our view of others. But how could a person’s wealth or his poverty affect the way we view him? Holy spirit moved Solomon to record a sad truth about imperfect humans as shown in today’s text. What does this proverb teach us? If we are not careful, we could desire the friendship of brothers who are wealthy while shunning brothers who are poor. Why is it so dangerous to measure the value of others solely on the basis of their material wealth? Because doing so could create class distinctions in the congregation. The disciple James warned that this problem was dividing some congregations in the first century. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jas. 2:1-4</a>) We must be on guard not to allow this thinking to affect our congregation today and make sure that we fight against making judgments that are based on the outward appearance. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>10 ¶8-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 14:20)</strong></a> The poor man is hated even by his neighbors, But many are the friends of the rich person.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jas. 2:1-4)</strong></a> My brothers, you are not holding to the faith of our glorious Lord Jesus Christ while showing favoritism, are you? <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>For if a man with gold rings on his fingers and in splendid clothing comes into your meeting, but a poor man in filthy clothing also enters, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>do you look with favor on the one wearing the splendid clothing and say, “You take this seat here in a fine place,” and do you say to the poor one, “You keep standing” or, “Take that seat there under my footstool”? <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>If so, do you not have class distinctions among yourselves, and have you not become judges rendering wicked decisions?</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
