<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, March 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020002"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Saturday, March 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>To </em>[<em>Jehovah</em>] <em>you should cling.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Deut. 10:20</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">It makes sense to cling to Jehovah. No one is more powerful, wise, or loving than our God! Who of us would not want to be on his side? (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 96:4-6</a>) Still, some of God’s worshippers have wavered when a situation called for them to take sides with Jehovah. Consider the case of Cain. He did not profess to worship any other god but Jehovah. Cain’s worship, however, was not acceptable to God. There were seeds of wickedness growing deep within his heart. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 John 3:12</a>) Jehovah reached out to Cain and told him: “If you turn to doing good, will you not be restored to favor? But if you do not turn to doing good, sin is crouching at the door, and its craving is to dominate you; but will you get the mastery over it?” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gen. 4:6, 7</a>) Jehovah was, in effect, telling Cain, “If you repent and take a firm stand on my side, I will, in turn, be on your side.” But Cain did not listen to the counsel. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>17 ¶1,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation2"> 3;</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102020002-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation3"> 18 ¶4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Deut. 10:20)</strong></a> “Jehovah your God you should fear, him you should serve, to him you should cling, and by his name you should swear.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 96:4-6)</strong></a> Jehovah is great and most worthy of praise. He is more awe-inspiring than all other gods.  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>All the gods of the peoples are worthless gods, But Jehovah is the one who made the heavens.  <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>In his presence are majesty* and splendor; Strength and beauty are in his sanctuary.</p><p></p><p>Or “dignity.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 John 3:12)</strong></a> not like Cain, who originated with the wicked one and slaughtered his brother. And for what reason did he slaughter him? Because his own works were wicked, but those of his brother were righteous.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gen. 4:6, 7)</strong></a> Then Jehovah said to Cain: “Why are you so angry and dejected? <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>If you turn to doing good, will you not be restored to favor?* But if you do not turn to doing good, sin is crouching at the door, and its craving is to dominate you; but will you get the mastery over it?”</p><p></p><p>Or “will there not be an exaltation?”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
