<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, April 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44"><span id="page41" class="pageNum" data-no="41" data-before-text="41"></span>Sunday, April 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class="themeScrp"><em>God . . . will recognize my integrity.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Job 31:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">Job kept his integrity by focusing on the hope that God would reward him. He believed that God did care about his integrity. Despite his trials, Job was confident that Jehovah would finally reward him. This confidence surely helped him cling to his integrity. Jehovah was so delighted with Job’s integrity that He rewarded him richly while he was still an imperfect man! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Job 42:12-17;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Jas. 5:11</a>) And even greater rewards lie ahead for Job. Our God has not changed. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Mal. 3:6</a>) If we remember that he values our integrity, we can keep our hope for a bright future alive in our heart. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Thess. 5:8, 9</a>) At times, you may feel lonely in such a course, but you will never be alone. You will be among millions of faithful integrity-keepers around the world. You will also join the ranks of men and women of faith who kept their integrity in the past, even under the threat of death.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Heb. 11:36-38;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 12:1</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>7 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Job 31:6)</strong></a> Let God weigh me with accurate scales; Then he will recognize my integrity.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Job 42:12-17)</strong></a> So Jehovah blessed the last part of Job’s life more than the beginning, and Job came to have 14,000 sheep, 6,000 camels, 1,000 pairs of cattle, and 1,000 female donkeys. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>He also came to have seven more sons and three more daughters. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>He named the first daughter Je·miʹmah, the second Ke·ziʹah, and the third Kerʹen-hapʹpuch. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>No women in all the land were as beautiful as Job’s daughters, and their father gave them an inheritance along with their brothers. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>After this Job lived for 140 years, and he saw his children and his grandchildren—four generations. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Finally Job died, after a long and satisfying life.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “old and full of days.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jas. 5:11)</strong></a> Look! We consider happy* those who have endured. You have heard of the endurance of Job and have seen the outcome Jehovah* gave, that Jehovah* is very tender in affection* and merciful.</p><p></p><p>Or “blessed.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Or “very compassionate.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Mal. 3:6)</strong></a> “For I am Jehovah; I do not change.* And you are sons of Jacob; you have not yet come to your finish.</p><p></p><p>Or “I have not changed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:8, 9)</strong></a> But as for us who belong to the day, let us keep our senses and put on the breastplate of faith and love and the hope of salvation as a helmet <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>because God assigned us, not to wrath, but to the acquiring of salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Heb. 11:36-38)</strong></a> Yes, others received their trial by mockings and scourgings, indeed, more than that, by chains and prisons. <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>They were stoned, they were tried, they were sawn in two,* they were slaughtered by the sword, they went about in sheepskins, in goatskins, while they were in need, in tribulation, mistreated; <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>and the world was not worthy of them. They wandered about in deserts and mountains and caves and dens of the earth.</p><p></p><p>Or “sawn apart.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Heb. 12:1)</strong></a> So, then, because we have such a great cloud of witnesses surrounding us, let us also throw off every weight and the sin that easily entangles us, and let us run with endurance the race that is set before us,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
