<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, April 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Thursday, April 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class="themeScrp"><em>The whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 John 5:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">We are not surprised, then, that Satan and his demons would influence men in powerful positions to “speak lies.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Tim. 4:1, 2</a>) Religious leaders who lie are especially guilty because they endanger the future life prospects of those who believe their lies. If an individual accepts a false teaching and practices something that is actually condemned by God, it can cost that person his eternal life. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Hos. 4:9</a>) Jesus knew that the religious leaders in his day were guilty of such deception. He told them to their face: “Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! because you travel over sea and dry land to make one convert, and when he becomes one, you make him a subject for Gehenna [everlasting destruction] twice as much so as yourselves.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 23:15</a>; ftn.) Jesus condemned those false religious leaders in the strongest terms. They truly were ‘from their father the Devil, a murderer.’​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">John 8:44</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.10 </em>7 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 John 5:19)</strong></a> We know that we originate with God, but the whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 4:1, 2)</strong></a> However, the inspired word* clearly says that in later times some will fall away from the faith, paying attention to misleading inspired statements* and teachings of demons, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>by means of the hypocrisy of men who speak lies, whose conscience is seared as with a branding iron.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the spirit.”</p><p>Lit., “misleading spirits.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Hos. 4:9)</strong></a> It will be the same for the people as for the priest; I will call them to account for their ways, And I will bring on them the consequences of their actions.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 23:15)</strong></a> “Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! because you travel over sea and dry land to make one proselyte, and when he becomes one, you make him a subject for Ge·henʹna twice as much so as yourselves.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 8:44)</strong></a> You are from your father the Devil, and you wish to do the desires of your father. That one was a murderer when he began, and he did not stand fast in the truth, because truth is not in him. When he speaks the lie, he speaks according to his own disposition, because he is a liar and the father of the lie.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
