<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, April 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p21" data-pid="21"><span id="page39" class="pageNum" data-no="39" data-before-text="39"></span>Monday, April 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="themeScrp"><em>Keep proclaiming the death of the Lord, until he comes.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 11:26</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p23" data-pid="23" class="p23">Imagine what Jehovah sees when millions around the world gather for the Lord’s Evening Meal. He looks at more than just the large number of people; he notices each individual who is present. For instance, he sees those who faithfully come every year. Among them may be individuals who come despite facing severe persecution. Others do not come regularly to other meetings, but they view attending the Memorial as a solemn duty. Jehovah also notices those who may be at the Memorial for the first time, perhaps out of curiosity. Certainly, Jehovah is pleased to see that so many attend the Memorial. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 22:19</a>) However, he is more interested in the <em>reason </em>for their coming; motive matters to Jehovah. Are we eager to be instructed by Jehovah and the organization that he is using?​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 30:20;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> John 6:45</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>26 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p24" data-pid="24" class="p24"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 12) </strong><span id="citationsource5"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Mark 14:1, 2,</a></strong><span id="citationsource6"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 10, 11;</a></strong><span id="citationsource7"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> Matthew 26:1-5,</a></strong><span id="citationsource8"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> 14-16</a></strong></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 11:26)</strong></a> For whenever you eat this loaf and drink this cup, you keep proclaiming the death of the Lord, until he comes.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 22:19)</strong></a> Also, he took a loaf, gave thanks, broke it, and gave it to them, saying: “This means my body, which is to be given in your behalf. Keep doing this in remembrance of me.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 30:20)</strong></a> Though Jehovah will give you bread in the form of distress and water in the form of oppression, your Grand Instructor will no longer hide himself, and you will see your Grand Instructor with your own eyes.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 6:45)</strong></a> It is written in the Prophets: ‘They will all be taught* by Jehovah.’ Everyone who has listened to the Father and has learned comes to me.</p><p></p><p>Or “be those taught.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Mark 14:1, 2)</strong></a> Now the Passover and the Festival of Unleavened Bread was two days later. And the chief priests and the scribes were looking for a way to seize* him by cunning* and kill him; <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>for they were saying: “Not at the festival; perhaps there might be an uproar of the people.”</p><p></p><p>Or “arrest.”</p><p>Or “deceit; craftiness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Mark 14:10, 11)</strong></a> And Judas Is·carʹi·ot, one of the Twelve, went off to the chief priests in order to betray him to them. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>When they heard it, they were delighted and promised to give him silver money. So he began seeking an opportunity to betray him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:1-5)</strong></a> Now when Jesus had finished saying all these things, he said to his disciples: <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>“You know that two days from now the Passover takes place, and the Son of man will be handed over to be executed on the stake.” <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Then the chief priests and the elders of the people gathered in the courtyard of the high priest, who was named Caʹia·phas, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>and they conspired together to seize* Jesus by cunning* and to kill him. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>However, they were saying: “Not at the festival, so that there may not be an uproar among the people.”</p><p></p><p>Or “arrest.”</p><p>Or “deceit; craftiness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:14-16)</strong></a> Then one of the Twelve, the one called Judas Is·carʹi·ot, went to the chief priests <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>and said: “What will you give me to betray him to you?” They stipulated to him 30 silver pieces. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>So from then on, he kept looking for a good opportunity to betray him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
