<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, April 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Sunday, April 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="themeScrp"><em>No greater joy do I have than this: that I should hear that my children go on walking in the truth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">3 John 4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">Christian parents cooperate with Jehovah when they set theocratic goals before their children. Many who have done so have later seen their sons and daughters take up full-time service assignments far from home. Some are missionaries; others pioneer where the need for publishers is greater; still others serve at Bethel. Distance might mean that families cannot get together as often as they would like to. Nevertheless, the self-sacrificing parents encourage their children to persevere in their assignments. Why? They find great joy and satisfaction in knowing that their children are putting Kingdom interests first. Perhaps many of these parents feel like Hannah, who said that she “lent” her son Samuel to Jehovah. These parents rightly view such cooperation as a precious privilege. They would not want things any other way.​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Sam. 1:28</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>24 ¶4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(3 John 4)</strong></a> No greater joy* do I have than this: that I should hear that my children go on walking in the truth.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “cause for thankfulness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 1:28)</strong></a> I, in turn, now lend him to Jehovah. For all his days, he is lent to Jehovah.” And he* bowed down there to Jehovah.</p><p></p><p>Evidently referring to Elkanah.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
