<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, April 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Saturday, April 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>A man will leave his father and his mother and he will stick to his wife, and they will become one flesh.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 2:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">Jehovah wants married couples to develop a love so strong that it lasts for life. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 19:3-6</a>) Adultery is one of the most unloving crimes a person can commit. With good reason, the seventh of the Ten Commandments prohibited adultery. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Deut. 5:18</a>) It is a sin “against God” and a cruel blow to a marriage mate. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gen. 39:7-9</a>) A victim of adultery might feel the pain of betrayal for decades. Jehovah also cares deeply about the welfare of children. Jehovah commanded parents to provide not only for their children’s physical needs but also for their spiritual needs. Parents were to take every opportunity to help their children appreciate Jehovah’s Law and learn to love him. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Deut. 6:6-9;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 7:13</a>) Parents were to view their children, not as mere property that they could neglect or mistreat, but as an inheritance, a gift from Jehovah to be cherished.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Ps. 127:3</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>21 ¶5,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation2"> 7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 2:24)</strong></a> That is why a man will leave his father and his mother and he will stick to* his wife, and they will become one flesh.</p><p></p><p>Or “remain with.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 19:3-6)</strong></a> And Pharisees came to him intent on testing him, and they asked: “Is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife on every sort of grounds?” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>In reply he said: “Have you not read that the one who created them from the beginning made them male and female <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>and said: ‘For this reason a man will leave his father and his mother and will stick to his wife, and the two will be one flesh’? <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>So that they are no longer two, but one flesh. Therefore, what God has yoked together, let no man put apart.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Deut. 5:18)</strong></a> “‘Neither must you commit adultery.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gen. 39:7-9)</strong></a> Now after these things, the wife of his master began to cast her eyes on Joseph and say: “Lie down with me.” <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>But he refused and said to his master’s wife: “Here my master does not know what is with me in the house, and he has entrusted everything he has into my care. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>There is no one greater in this house than I am, and he has not withheld from me anything at all except you, because you are his wife. So how could I commit this great badness and actually sin against God?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Deut. 6:6-9)</strong></a> These words that I am commanding you today must be on your heart, <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>and you must inculcate them in* your sons and speak of them when you sit in your house and when you walk on the road and when you lie down and when you get up. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Tie them as a reminder on your hand, and they must be like a headband on your forehead.* <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Write them on the doorposts of your house and on your gates.</p><p></p><p>Or “repeat them to; impress them upon.”</p><p>Lit., “between your eyes.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Deut. 7:13)</strong></a> He will love you and bless you and multiply you. Yes, he will bless you with many children* and with the produce of your soil, your grain, your new wine, your oil, the calves of your herds and the lambs of your flocks, in the land that he swore to your forefathers to give to you.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “bless the fruit of your womb.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Ps. 127:3)</strong></a> Look! Sons* are an inheritance from Jehovah; The fruit of the womb is a reward.</p><p></p><p>Or “Children.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
