<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, April 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Thursday, April 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>This is my Son, the beloved, whom I have approved.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 3:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">How encouraged Jesus must have been when Jehovah acknowledged him on three separate occasions by speaking directly from heaven. Just after Jesus’ baptism in the Jordan River, Jehovah said the above. Evidently, John the Baptist was the only other person who heard those words. Then, about a year before Jesus’ death, three of his apostles heard Jehovah say about Jesus: “This is my Son, the beloved, whom I have approved. Listen to him.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 17:5</a>) Finally, just a few days before Jesus’ death, Jehovah again spoke to his Son from heaven. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 12:28</a>) Even though Jesus knew that he would experience a shameful death, falsely branded as a blasphemer, he prayed that Jehovah’s will be done and not his. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 26:39,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 42</a>) “He endured a torture stake, despising shame,” not seeking recognition from the world, but only from his Father.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Heb. 12:2</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>10-11 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p8" data-pid="8" class="p8"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Events after sunset: Nisan 9) </strong><span id="citationsource7"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Mark 14:3-9</a></strong></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 3:17)</strong></a> Look! Also, a voice from the heavens said: “This is my Son, the beloved, whom I have approved.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 17:5)</strong></a> While he was still speaking, look! a bright cloud overshadowed them, and look! a voice out of the cloud said: “This is my Son, the beloved, whom I have approved. Listen to him.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 12:28)</strong></a> Father, glorify your name.” Then a voice came out of heaven: “I have glorified it and will glorify it again.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:39)</strong></a> And going a little way forward, he fell facedown, praying: “My Father, if it is possible, let this cup pass away from me. Yet, not as I will, but as you will.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:42)</strong></a> Again, a second time, he went off and prayed: “My Father, if it is not possible for this to pass away unless I drink it, let your will take place.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Heb. 12:2)</strong></a> as we look intently at the Chief Agent and Perfecter of our faith, Jesus. For the joy that was set before him he endured a torture stake,* despising shame, and has sat down at the right hand of the throne of God.</p><p></p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Mark 14:3-9)</strong></a> And while he was at Bethʹa·ny dining* in the house of Simon the leper, a woman came with an alabaster jar of perfumed oil, genuine nard, very expensive. She broke open the alabaster jar and began pouring it on his head. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>At this some said to one another indignantly: “Why has this perfumed oil been wasted? <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>For this perfumed oil could have been sold for more than 300 de·narʹi·i and the money given to the poor!” And they were greatly annoyed with* her. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>But Jesus said: “Let her alone. Why do you try to make trouble for her? She did a fine deed toward me. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>For you always have the poor with you, and you can do them good whenever you want to, but you will not always have me. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>She did what she could; she poured perfumed oil on my body beforehand, in view of the burial. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Truly I say to you, wherever the good news is preached in all the world, what this woman did will also be told in memory of her.”</p><p></p><p>Or “reclining at the table.”</p><p>Or “they spoke angrily to; they scolded.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
