<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, April 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62"><span id="page43" class="pageNum" data-no="43" data-before-text="43"></span>Saturday, April 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah God planted a garden in Eden, . . . and there he put the man whom he had formed.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 2:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">Eden means “Pleasure,” and that garden was indeed pleasant. There was ample food, beautiful scenery, and delightful interaction with many animals. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 1:29-31</a>) <em>Pa·raʹdei·sos </em>is the Greek term that translates the Hebrew word for “garden.” The <em>Cyclopaedia </em>by M’Clintock and Strong says about <em>pa·raʹdei·sos: </em>“A wide, open park, enclosed against injury, yet with its natural beauty unspoiled, with stately forest-trees, many of them bearing fruit, watered by clear streams, on whose banks roved large herds of antelopes or sheep​—this was the scenery which connected itself in the mind of the Greek traveller.” (Compare <span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Genesis 2:15, 16</a>.) God put Adam and Eve in such a paradise, but they disqualified themselves by disobeying God. Thus, Paradise was lost for them and their offspring. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gen. 3:23, 24</a>) Though without human occupants, that garden apparently remained until the Deluge of Noah’s day. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>3-4 ¶3-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 2:8)</strong></a> Further, Jehovah God planted a garden in Eʹden, toward the east; and there he put the man whom he had formed.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 1:29-31)</strong></a> Then God said: “Here I have given to you every seed-bearing plant that is on the entire earth and every tree with seed-bearing fruit. Let them serve as food for you. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>And to every wild animal of the earth and to every flying creature of the heavens and to everything moving on the earth in which there is life,* I have given all green vegetation for food.” And it was so. <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>After that God saw everything he had made, and look! it was very good. And there was evening and there was morning, a sixth day.</p><p></p><p>Or “life as a soul; a living soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 2:15, 16)</strong></a> Jehovah God took the man and settled him in the garden of Eʹden to cultivate it and to take care of it. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>Jehovah God also gave this command to the man: “From every tree of the garden you may eat to satisfaction.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:23, 24)</strong></a> With that Jehovah God expelled him from the garden of Eʹden to cultivate the ground from which he had been taken. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>So he drove the man out, and he posted at the east of the garden of Eʹden the cherubs and the flaming blade of a sword that was turning continuously to guard the way to the tree of life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
