<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, April 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page37" class="pageNum" data-no="37" data-before-text="37"></span><strong>April</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Wednesday, April 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp">[<em>Jesus</em>] <em>said to Peter: “Get behind me, Satan! . . . You think, not God’s thoughts, but those of men.”​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 16:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">What about us? Do we think God’s thoughts or those of this world? Granted, we have likely conformed our conduct to God’s requirements. But what about our thinking? Are we bringing our thoughts and viewpoints into alignment with Jehovah’s? Doing so requires a deliberate effort. On the other hand, little or no effort is needed to absorb the world’s thinking. That is because the spirit of the world is all around us. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 2:2</a>) Furthermore, because it often appeals to self-interest, the world’s way of thinking can be enticing. Yes, it is challenging to think like Jehovah but all too easy to think like the world. However, if we allow the world to mold our thinking, we will be inclined toward selfishness and a desire for moral independence. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Mark 7:21, 22</a>) It is therefore vital that we cultivate “God’s thoughts,” not “those of men.” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>18 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted.xhtml#pcitation2"> 19 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 16:23)</strong></a> But turning his back,* he said to Peter: “Get behind me, Satan! You are a stumbling block to me, because you think, not God’s thoughts, but those of men.”*</p><p></p><p>Or “turning around.”</p><p>Or “you have, not God’s mind, but that of humans.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 2:2)</strong></a> in which you at one time walked according to the system of things* of this world, according to the ruler of the authority of the air, the spirit that is now at work in the sons of disobedience.</p><p></p><p>Or “the course.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Mark 7:21, 22)</strong></a> For from inside, out of the heart of men, come injurious reasonings: sexual immorality, thefts, murders, <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>acts of adultery, greed, acts of wickedness, deceit, brazen conduct, an envious eye, blasphemy, haughtiness, and unreasonableness.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
