<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Memorial Date
After Sundown
Tuesday, April 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p25" data-pid="25">Memorial Date<br />After Sundown<br />Tuesday, April 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p26" data-pid="26" class="themeScrp"><em>Christ died for us.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 5:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="p27">Jesus was willing not only to die for his disciples but also to live each day in a way that put their interests ahead of his own. For instance, he met with his followers even when he was physically tired or emotionally distressed. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 22:39-46</a>) And he focused on what he could give to others, not on what he could get from them. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 20:28</a>) We belong to the only true Christian brotherhood, and we enjoy spending as much time as possible inviting new ones to join us. However, we are particularly interested in helping those who are “related to us in the faith” but who have become inactive. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gal. 6:10</a>) We prove our love for them by encouraging them to attend our meetings, especially the Memorial. Like Jehovah and Jesus, we are deeply moved when an inactive one returns to Jehovah.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 18:14</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>29 ¶12,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation2"> 14;</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation3"> 30 ¶15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 13) </strong><span id="citationsource6"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Mark 14:12-16;</a></strong><span id="citationsource7"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> Matthew 26:17-19</a></strong> <strong>(Events after sunset: Nisan 14) </strong><span id="citationsource8"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted7.xhtml#citation8"><strong>Mark 14:17-72</strong></a></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 5:8)</strong></a> But God recommends his own love to us* in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.</p><p></p><p>Or “demonstrates (shows) his own love for us.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 22:39-46)</strong></a> On leaving, he went as was his custom to the Mount of Olives, and the disciples also followed him. <strong><sup>40 </sup></strong>On arriving at the place, he said to them: “Carry on prayer so that you do not enter into temptation.” <strong><sup>41 </sup></strong>And he withdrew from them about a stone’s throw away, and he bent his knees and began to pray, <strong><sup>42 </sup></strong>saying: “Father, if you want to, remove this cup from me. Nevertheless, let, not my will, but yours take place.” <strong><sup>43 </sup></strong>Then an angel from heaven appeared to him and strengthened him. <strong><sup>44 </sup></strong>But he was in such agony that he kept praying more earnestly; and his sweat became as drops of blood falling to the ground. <strong><sup>45 </sup></strong>When he rose from prayer and went to the disciples, he found them slumbering, exhausted from grief. <strong><sup>46 </sup></strong>He said to them: “Why are you sleeping? Get up and keep praying, so that you do not enter into temptation.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 20:28)</strong></a> Just as the Son of man came, not to be ministered to, but to minister and to give his life as a ransom in exchange for many.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:10)</strong></a> So, then, as long as we have the opportunity,* let us work what is good toward all, but especially toward those related to us in the faith.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “appointed time.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 18:14)</strong></a> Likewise, it is not a desirable thing to my Father who is in heaven for even one of these little ones to perish.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Mark 14:12-16)</strong></a> Now on the first day of the Unleavened Bread, when they customarily offered up the Passover sacrifice, his disciples said to him: “Where do you want us to go and prepare for you to eat the Passover?” <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>With that he sent two of his disciples and said to them: “Go into the city, and a man carrying an earthenware water jar will meet you. Follow him, <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>and wherever he goes inside, say to the master of the house, ‘The Teacher says: “Where is the guest room where I may eat the Passover with my disciples?”’ <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>And he will show you a large upper room, furnished and ready. Prepare it for us there.” <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>So the disciples went out, and they entered the city and found it just as he said to them, and they prepared for the Passover.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:17-19)</strong></a> On the first day of the Unleavened Bread, the disciples came to Jesus, saying: “Where do you want us to prepare for you to eat the Passover?” <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>He said: “Go into the city to So-and-so and say to him, ‘The Teacher says: “My appointed time is near; I will celebrate the Passover with my disciples at your home.”’” <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>So the disciples did as Jesus instructed them and prepared for the Passover.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
