<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, April 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Wednesday, April 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="themeScrp"><em>God is not unrighteous so as to forget your work and the love you showed for his name.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 6:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">How do you feel when someone you know and respect forgets your name or, worse still, does not even recognize you? Such an experience can be very discouraging. Why? It is because each one of us has a natural desire to be accepted. The type of recognition we desire goes beyond being identified by others; we also want some acknowledgment of who we are and what we have accomplished. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Num. 11:16</a>; ftn.; <span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Job 31:6</a>) Like many other natural desires, though, our desire to be appreciated can become unbalanced, distorted by our imperfections. It can make us crave inappropriate expressions of recognition. Satan’s world fuels a desire for fame and acknowledgment that distracts attention from the one who truly deserves to be recognized and worshipped, our heavenly Father, Jehovah God.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rev. 4:11</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>7 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 6:10)</strong></a> For God is not unrighteous so as to forget your work and the love you showed for his name by ministering and continuing to minister to the holy ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Num. 11:16)</strong></a> Jehovah replied to Moses: “Gather for me 70 men from the elders of Israel, men whom you recognize as* elders and officials of the people, and take them to the tent of meeting, and have them stand there with you.</p><p></p><p>Or “who you know are; who are known to you as.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Job 31:6)</strong></a> Let God weigh me with accurate scales; Then he will recognize my integrity.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rev. 4:11)</strong></a> “You are worthy, Jehovah* our God, to receive the glory and the honor and the power, because you created all things, and because of your will they came into existence and were created.”</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
