<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, April 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Wednesday, April 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class="themeScrp"><em>This means my body. . . . This means my “blood of the covenant.”​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 26:26-28</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">In introducing the Memorial of his death, Jesus used only the Passover bread and the wine that were already on hand. Jesus told his apostles that those two basic items symbolized his perfect body and blood, which he would soon offer up in their behalf. The apostles may not have been surprised at the simplicity of this important new meal. Why not? Months earlier, at the home of his close friends​—Lazarus, Martha, and Mary—​Jesus began teaching. Martha was present, but she was distracted with preparing a large meal for her honored guest. Observing this, Jesus kindly corrected Martha, helping her to see that an elaborate meal was not always necessary. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 10:40-42</a>) Later, with just hours remaining before his sacrificial death, Jesus applied his own counsel. He kept the Memorial meal simple. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>20-21 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p32" data-pid="32" class="p32"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 14) </strong><span id="citationsource3"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted8.xhtml#citation3"><strong>Mark 15:1-47</strong></a></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:26-28)</strong></a> As they continued eating, Jesus took a loaf, and after saying a blessing, he broke it, and giving it to the disciples, he said: “Take, eat. This means my body.” <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>And taking a cup, he offered thanks and gave it to them, saying: “Drink out of it, all of you, <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>for this means my ‘blood of the covenant,’ which is to be poured out in behalf of many for forgiveness of sins.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 10:40-42)</strong></a> Martha, on the other hand, was distracted with attending to many duties. So she came to him and said: “Lord, does it not matter to you that my sister has left me alone to attend to things? Tell her to come and help me.” <strong><sup>41 </sup></strong>In answer the Lord said to her: “Martha, Martha, you are anxious and disturbed about many things. <strong><sup>42 </sup></strong>A few things, though, are needed, or just one. For her part, Mary chose the good portion, and it will not be taken away from her.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
