<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, April 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Friday, April 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>If the unbelieving one chooses to depart, let him depart.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 7:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">In such a separation, the two are still marriage mates and, even though living apart, would still face challenges. The apostle Paul gave this reason for staying united: “The unbelieving husband is sanctified in relation to his wife, and the unbelieving wife is sanctified in relation to the brother; otherwise, your children would be unclean, but now they are holy.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 7:14</a>) Many loyal Christians have remained with an unbelieving mate under very trying circumstances. They can testify that doing so was worthwhile in a special sense when their mate became a true worshipper. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 7:16;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 1 Pet. 3:1, 2</a>) Worldwide today, the Christian congregation abounds with successful marriages. You can likely find many happy couples in your local congregation. They are made up of loyal brothers who love their wife and devoted wives who prove to be loving mates, all showing that marriage can be honorable.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Heb. 13:4</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>14 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:15)</strong></a> But if the unbelieving one chooses to depart,* let him depart; a brother or a sister is not bound under such circumstances, but God has called you to peace.</p><p></p><p>Or “separate.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:14)</strong></a> For the unbelieving husband is sanctified in relation to his wife, and the unbelieving wife is sanctified in relation to the brother; otherwise, your children would be unclean, but now they are holy.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:16)</strong></a> For wife, how do you know whether you will save your husband? Or, husband, how do you know whether you will save your wife?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:1, 2)</strong></a> In the same way, you wives, be in subjection to your husbands, so that if any are not obedient to the word, they may be won without a word through the conduct of their wives, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>because of having been eyewitnesses of your chaste conduct together with deep respect.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:4)</strong></a> Let marriage be honorable among all, and let the marriage bed be without defilement, for God will judge sexually immoral people* and adulterers.</p><p></p><p>See Glossary, “Sexual immorality.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
