<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, April 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p13" data-pid="13">Saturday, April 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p14" data-pid="14" class="themeScrp"><em>Father, glorify your name.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 12:28</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class="p15">In response, Jesus’ Father spoke from heaven: “I have glorified it and will glorify it again.” Jesus was troubled because of the great responsibility he had to remain faithful to Jehovah. Jesus was aware that he was going to suffer a brutal scourging and a cruel death. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 26:38</a>) More than all else, Jesus wanted to glorify his Father’s name. Jesus was charged with blasphemy, and he was concerned that his death would bring reproach on God. Like Jesus, we too may be concerned about reproach brought on Jehovah’s name. Perhaps like Jesus, we are victims of unjust treatment. Or we may be disturbed by false stories that opposers spread about us. We may think about the reproach these reports bring on Jehovah’s name. At such times, Jehovah’s words are of great comfort to us. Jehovah will never fail to glorify his name.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 94:22, 23;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Isa. 65:17</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.03 </em>11-12 ¶14-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 10) </strong><span id="citationsource5"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Mark 11:12-19</a></strong></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 12:28)</strong></a> Father, glorify your name.” Then a voice came out of heaven: “I have glorified it and will glorify it again.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:38)</strong></a> Then he said to them: “I am deeply grieved, even to death. Stay here and keep on the watch with me.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 94:22, 23)</strong></a> But Jehovah will become a secure refuge* for me, My God is my rock of refuge. <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>He will make their wicked deeds come back upon them. He will do away with* them by means of their own evil. Jehovah our God will do away with* them.</p><p></p><p>Or “secure height.”</p><p>Lit., “will silence.”</p><p>Lit., “will silence.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 65:17)</strong></a> For look! I am creating new heavens and a new earth; And the former things will not be called to mind,* Nor will they come up into the heart.</p><p></p><p>Or “be remembered.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Mark 11:12-19)</strong></a> The next day when they were leaving Bethʹa·ny, he felt hungry. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>From a distance he caught sight of a fig tree that had leaves, and he went to see whether he could find something on it. But on coming to it, he found nothing but leaves, for it was not the season for figs. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>So he said to it: “Let no one eat fruit from you ever again.” And his disciples were listening. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>They now came to Jerusalem. There he entered the temple and started to throw out those selling and buying in the temple, and he overturned the tables of the money changers and the benches of those selling doves, <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>and he would not let anyone carry a utensil through the temple. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>He was teaching and saying to them: “Is it not written, ‘My house will be called a house of prayer for all the nations’? But you have made it a cave of robbers.” <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>And the chief priests and the scribes heard it, and they began to seek how to kill him; for they were in fear of him, because all the crowd was astounded at his teaching. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>When it became late in the day, they went out of the city.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
