<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, April 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Sunday, April 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>Jesus began explaining to his disciples that he must . . . suffer many things . . . and be killed.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 16:21</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">Jesus’ disciples could not believe what they were hearing. Jesus, the one they expected to restore Israel’s kingdom, said that he would soon suffer and die. It was the apostle Peter who spoke up. “Be kind to yourself, Lord,” he said. “You will not have this happen to you at all.” Jesus countered: “Get behind me, Satan! You are a stumbling block to me, because you think, not God’s thoughts, but those of men.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 16:22, 23;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Acts 1:6</a>) With those words, Jesus made a distinction between thoughts that originate with God and thoughts that originate with this world under Satan’s control. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 John 5:19</a>) Peter echoed the self-sparing attitude of the world. But Jesus knew that his Father’s thinking was different. In his reply to Peter, Jesus clearly rejected the world’s thinking in favor of Jehovah’s. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>18 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p20" data-pid="20" class="p20"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 11) </strong><span id="citationsource5"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted5.xhtml#citation5"><strong>Mark 11:20–12:27,</strong></a><span id="citationsource6"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 41-44</a></strong></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 16:21)</strong></a> From that time forward, Jesus began explaining to his disciples that he must go to Jerusalem and suffer many things from the elders and chief priests and scribes and be killed, and on the third day be raised up.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 16:22, 23)</strong></a> At this Peter took him aside and began to rebuke him, saying: “Be kind to yourself, Lord; you will not have this happen to you at all.” <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>But turning his back,* he said to Peter: “Get behind me, Satan! You are a stumbling block to me, because you think, not God’s thoughts, but those of men.”*</p><p></p><p>Or “turning around.”</p><p>Or “you have, not God’s mind, but that of humans.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 1:6)</strong></a> So when they had assembled, they asked him: “Lord, are you restoring the kingdom to Israel at this time?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 John 5:19)</strong></a> We know that we originate with God, but the whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Mark 12:41-44)</strong></a> And he sat down with the treasury chests in view and began observing how the crowd was dropping money into the treasury chests, and many rich people were dropping in many coins. <strong><sup>42 </sup></strong>Now a poor widow came and dropped in two small coins of very little value. <strong><sup>43 </sup></strong>So he called his disciples to him and said to them: “Truly I say to you that this poor widow put in more than all the others who put money into the treasury chests. <strong><sup>44 </sup></strong>For they all put in out of their surplus, but she, out of her want,* put in everything she had, all she had to live on.”</p><p></p><p>Or “poverty.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
