<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, April 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p33" data-pid="33"><span id="page40" class="pageNum" data-no="40" data-before-text="40"></span>Thursday, April 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="themeScrp"><em>Father, glorify me at your side with the glory that I had.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 17:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p35" data-pid="35" class="p35">Jehovah honored Jesus in an unexpected way by resurrecting him to “a superior position” and giving him what no one else had received up until that time​—immortal spirit life! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Phil. 2:9;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 1 Tim. 6:16</a>) What an outstanding acknowledgment of Jesus’ faithful course! What will help us to avoid seeking approval from this world? Keep close in mind that Jehovah <em>always </em>gives recognition to his faithful servants and that he often rewards them in <em>unexpected ways. </em>Who knows what unexpected blessings await us in the future? But for now, as we endure the hardships and trials of this wicked world, let us always remember that this world, is passing away. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 John 2:17</a>) Our loving Father, Jehovah, ‘is not unrighteous so as to forget our work and the love we show for his name.’​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Heb. 6:10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>11 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p36" data-pid="36" class="p36"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 15) </strong><span id="citationsource6"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Matthew 27:62-66</a></strong> <strong>(Events after sunset: Nisan 16) </strong><span id="citationsource7"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Mark 16:1</a></strong></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 17:5)</strong></a> So now, Father, glorify me at your side with the glory that I had alongside you before the world was.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:9)</strong></a> For this very reason, God exalted him to a superior position and kindly gave him the name that is above every other name,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 6:16)</strong></a> the one alone having immortality, who dwells in unapproachable light, whom no man has seen or can see. To him be honor and eternal might. Amen.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 John 2:17)</strong></a> Furthermore, the world is passing away and so is its desire, but the one who does the will of God remains forever.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Heb. 6:10)</strong></a> For God is not unrighteous so as to forget your work and the love you showed for his name by ministering and continuing to minister to the holy ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Matt. 27:62-66)</strong></a> The next day, which was after the Preparation, the chief priests and the Pharisees gathered together before Pilate, <strong><sup>63 </sup></strong>saying: “Sir, we recall what that impostor said while he was still alive, ‘After three days I am to be raised up.’ <strong><sup>64 </sup></strong>Therefore, command that the grave be made secure until the third day, so that his disciples may not come and steal him and say to the people, ‘He was raised up from the dead!’ Then this last deception will be worse than the first.” <strong><sup>65 </sup></strong>Pilate said to them: “You may have a guard. Go make it as secure as you know how.” <strong><sup>66 </sup></strong>So they went and made the grave secure by sealing the stone and posting a guard.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Mark 16:1)</strong></a> So when the Sabbath was over, Mary Magʹda·lene, Mary the mother of James, and Sa·loʹme bought spices in order to come and apply them to his body.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
