<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, April 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80"><span id="page45" class="pageNum" data-no="45" data-before-text="45"></span>Friday, April 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>Happy are you when people reproach you and persecute you . . . for my sake.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 5:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">What did Jesus mean? He went on to say: “Rejoice and be overjoyed, since your reward is great in the heavens, for in that way they persecuted the prophets prior to you.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 5:12</a>) When the apostles were beaten and commanded to stop preaching, “they went out from before the Sanhedrin, rejoicing.” Of course, they did not relish the pain of being whipped. Yet, they rejoiced “because they had been counted worthy to be dishonored in behalf of [Jesus’] name.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 5:41</a>) In our time, Jehovah’s people also endure with joy when they suffer in behalf of Jesus’ name or when they face difficult trials. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Jas. 1:2-4</a>) Like the apostles, we do not take delight in any kind of suffering. But if we maintain our integrity to God during trials, Jehovah can help us to endure with fortitude. When we have the smile of approval of “the happy God,” we can be happy despite religious persecution or opposition at home.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Tim. 1:11</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>21 ¶18-20</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:11)</strong></a> “Happy are you when people reproach* you and persecute you and lyingly say every sort of wicked thing against you for my sake.</p><p></p><p>Or “insult.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:12)</strong></a> Rejoice and be overjoyed, since your reward is great in the heavens, for in that way they persecuted the prophets prior to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 5:41)</strong></a> So they went out from before the Sanʹhe·drin, rejoicing because they had been counted worthy to be dishonored in behalf of his name.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:2-4)</strong></a> Consider it all joy, my brothers, when you meet with various trials, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>knowing as you do that this tested quality of your faith produces endurance. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>But let endurance complete its work, so that you may be complete and sound in all respects, not lacking in anything.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 1:11)</strong></a> according to the glorious good news of the happy God, with which I was entrusted.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
