<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, April 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p37" data-pid="37">Friday, April 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p38" data-pid="38" class="themeScrp"><em>I make request . . . that they may all be one.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 17:20, 21</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class="p39">Jesus was concerned about unity during his final supper with his apostles. When praying with them, he spoke of his desire that all his disciples be one, just as he and his Father are one. Their unity would give a powerful witness, offering clear evidence that Jehovah had sent Jesus to the earth to do God’s will. Love would be a mark of Jesus’ true disciples that would contribute to their unity. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 13:34, 35</a>) Jesus’ emphasis on unity is understandable. He had noticed a lack of unity or harmony among the apostles, such as during his final meal with them. As had happened before, a dispute arose over “which one of them was considered to be the greatest.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 22:24-27;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Mark 9:33, 34</a>) Another time, James and John requested that Jesus give them prominent places alongside him in his Kingdom.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Mark 10:35-40</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>8 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 16) </strong><span id="citationsource6"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Mark 16:2-8</a></strong></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 17:20, 21)</strong></a> “I make request, not concerning these only, but also concerning those putting faith in me through their word, <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>so that they may all be one, just as you, Father, are in union with me and I am in union with you, that they also may be in union with us, so that the world may believe that you sent me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 13:34, 35)</strong></a> I am giving you a new commandment, that you love one another; just as I have loved you, you also love one another. <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>By this all will know that you are my disciples—if you have love among yourselves.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 22:24-27)</strong></a> However, there also arose a heated dispute among them over which one of them was considered to be the greatest. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>But he said to them: “The kings of the nations lord it over them, and those having authority over them are called Benefactors. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>You, though, are not to be that way. But let the one who is the greatest among you become as the youngest, and the one taking the lead as the one ministering. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>For which one is greater, the one dining* or the one serving? Is it not the one dining?* But I am among you as the one serving.</p><p></p><p>Or “reclining at the table.”</p><p>Or “reclining at the table.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Mark 9:33, 34)</strong></a> And they came into Ca·perʹna·um. Now when he was inside the house, he put the question to them: “What were you arguing about on the road?” <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>They kept silent, for on the road they had been arguing among themselves about who is greater.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Mark 10:35-40)</strong></a> James and John, the sons of Zebʹe·dee, approached him and said to him: “Teacher, we want you to do for us whatever we ask of you.” <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>He said to them: “What do you want me to do for you?” <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>They replied: “Grant us to sit down, one at your right hand and one at your left, in your glory.” <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>But Jesus said to them: “You do not know what you are asking for. Can you drink the cup that I am drinking or be baptized with the baptism with which I am being baptized?” <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>They said to him: “We can.” At that Jesus said to them: “The cup I am drinking, you will drink, and with the baptism with which I am being baptized, you will be baptized. <strong><sup>40 </sup></strong>However, to sit down at my right hand or at my left is not mine to give, but it belongs to those for whom it has been prepared.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Mark 16:2-8)</strong></a> And very early on the first day of the week when the sun had risen, they came to the tomb. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>They were saying to one another: “Who will roll the stone away from the entrance of the tomb for us?” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>But when they looked up, they saw that the stone had been rolled away, although it was very large. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>When they entered into the tomb, they saw a young man sitting on the right side, clothed in a white robe, and they were stunned. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>He said to them: “Do not be stunned. You are looking for Jesus the Naz·a·reneʹ who was executed on the stake. He was raised up. He is not here. Look, here is the place where they laid him. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>But go, tell his disciples and Peter, ‘He is going ahead of you into Galʹi·lee. You will see him there, just as he told you.’” <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>So when they came out, they fled from the tomb, trembling and overwhelmed with emotion. And they said nothing to anyone, for they were in fear.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
