<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, April 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89"><span id="page46" class="pageNum" data-no="46" data-before-text="46"></span>Monday, April 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class="themeScrp"><em>It will be difficult for a rich man to enter the Kingdom of the heavens.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 19:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">Jesus did not say that it would be impossible. He also said: “Happy are you who are poor, for yours is the Kingdom of God.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 6:20</a>) Yet, this did not mean that all poor people were specially blessed and responded to the teaching of Jesus. Many poor people did not respond. The point is, We simply cannot judge a person’s relationship with Jehovah by his material possessions. We are blessed to have many brothers and sisters, rich and poor, who love and serve Jehovah with a complete heart. The Scriptures instruct those who are rich “to place their hope, not on uncertain riches, but on God.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Tim. 6:17-19</a>) At the same time, God’s Word admonishes all of God’s people, rich and poor, to be careful not to love money. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Tim. 6:9, 10</a>) Indeed, when we open our eyes and see our brothers as Jehovah sees them, we will not be tempted to judge them solely on what they have or do not have materially. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>10-11 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 19:23)</strong></a> Then Jesus said to his disciples: “Truly I say to you that it will be difficult for a rich man to enter the Kingdom of the heavens.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 6:20)</strong></a> And he looked up at his disciples and began to say: “Happy are you who are poor, for yours is the Kingdom of God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 6:17-19)</strong></a> Instruct* those who are rich in the present system of things* not to be arrogant,* and to place their hope, not on uncertain riches, but on God, who richly provides us with all the things we enjoy. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>Tell them to work at good, to be rich in fine works, to be generous,* ready to share, <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>safely treasuring up for themselves a fine foundation for the future, so that they may get a firm hold on the real life.</p><p></p><p>Or “Order.”</p><p>Or “present age.” See Glossary.</p><p>Or “high-minded.”</p><p>Or “liberal.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 6:9, 10)</strong></a> But those who are determined to be rich fall into temptation and a snare and many senseless and harmful desires that plunge men into destruction and ruin. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>For the love of money is a root of all sorts of injurious things, and by reaching out for this love some have been led astray from the faith and have stabbed themselves all over with many pains.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
