<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, April 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p98" data-pid="98"><span id="page47" class="pageNum" data-no="47" data-before-text="47"></span>Thursday, April 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p99" data-pid="99" class="themeScrp"><em>Return to me, and I will return to you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Mal. 3:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p100" data-pid="100" class="p100">A Christian today could be following the wrong path even while professing to worship Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jude 11</a>) For instance, one could nurture immoral fantasies, greedy thoughts, or hateful feelings toward a fellow Christian. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 John 2:15-17;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 3:15</a>) This thinking can lead to sinful actions. All the while, one could be active in the ministry and regular at congregation meetings. Other humans may not be aware of our thoughts and conduct, but Jehovah sees all things and knows if we are not wholeheartedly on his side. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Jer. 17:9, 10</a>) Even so, Jehovah is not quick to give up on us. When a person’s steps lead him away from God, Jehovah urges him: “Return to me.” Especially when we struggle with weaknesses, Jehovah wants us to take a stand against badness. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Isa. 55:7</a>) If we do, he will in turn prove to be on our side by giving us the spiritual, emotional, and physical strength needed to “get the mastery over” our sinful inclinations.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Gen. 4:7</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>18 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p101" data-pid="101" class="p101"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Mal. 3:7)</strong></a> From the days of your forefathers you have turned aside from my regulations and have not kept them. Return to me, and I will return to you,” says Jehovah of armies. But you say: “How are we supposed to return?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jude 11)</strong></a> Too bad for them, for they have followed the path of Cain and have rushed into the erroneous course of Baʹlaam for reward, and they have perished in the rebellious talk of Korʹah!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 John 2:15-17)</strong></a> Do not love either the world or the things in the world. If anyone loves the world, the love of the Father is not in him; <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>because everything in the world—the desire of the flesh and the desire of the eyes and the showy display of one’s means of life*—does not originate with the Father, but originates with the world. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Furthermore, the world is passing away and so is its desire, but the one who does the will of God remains forever.</p><p></p><p>Or “the bragging about one’s possessions.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 John 3:15)</strong></a> Everyone who hates his brother is a murderer,* and you know that no murderer has everlasting life remaining in him.</p><p></p><p>Or “manslayer.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Jer. 17:9, 10)</strong></a> The heart is more treacherous* than anything else and is desperate.* Who can know it? <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>I, Jehovah, am searching the heart, Examining the innermost thoughts,* To give to each one according to his ways, According to the fruitage of his works.</p><p></p><p>Or “deceitful.”</p><p>Or possibly, “incurable.”</p><p>Or “deepest emotions.” Lit., “kidneys.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Isa. 55:7)</strong></a> Let the wicked man leave his way And the evil man his thoughts; Let him return to Jehovah, who will have mercy on him, To our God, for he will forgive in a large way.*</p><p></p><p>Or “will freely forgive.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Gen. 4:7)</strong></a> If you turn to doing good, will you not be restored to favor?* But if you do not turn to doing good, sin is crouching at the door, and its craving is to dominate you; but will you get the mastery over it?”</p><p></p><p>Or “will there not be an exaltation?”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
