<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, April 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p95" data-pid="95">Wednesday, April 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p96" data-pid="96" class="themeScrp"><em>All things are lawful, but not all things are advantageous. All things are lawful, but not all things build up.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 10:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p97" data-pid="97" class="p97">Some individuals may feel that since some choices in life, such as education, employment, or career, are personal, they should have the freedom to choose what they please as long as their conscience permits it. Perhaps they have in mind Paul’s words to the Corinthian Christians about food: “Why should my freedom be judged by another person’s conscience?” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 10:29</a>) While it is true that we have the freedom to make these personal choices, we need to remember that our freedom is relative and that all decisions we make have consequences. For that reason, Paul prefaced his statement with the words of today’s text. That certainly helps us to see that there are far more important factors to consider than our own preferences when it comes to exercising personal freedom in all aspects of our life. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>10 ¶10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 10:23)</strong></a> All things are lawful,* but not all things are advantageous. All things are lawful, but not all things build up.</p><p></p><p>Or “permissible.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 10:29)</strong></a> I do not mean your own conscience, but that of the other person. For why should my freedom be judged by another person’s conscience?</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
