<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, April 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Sunday, April 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class="themeScrp"><em>I, Jehovah, am . . . the One teaching you to benefit yourself.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 48:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">Parents endeavor to instill in their children good values. If the children choose to live within the values that they learned from their parents, they will be more likely to make decisions that they will not later regret. As a result, they will be free from many self-induced troubles and anxieties. Like a good parent, Jehovah wants his children to have the most fulfilling life possible. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 48:18</a>) He therefore provides basic principles for moral conduct and for behavior toward others. In such matters he invites us to cultivate his very way of thinking and to share his values. Far from constraining us, this enhances, elevates, and expands our thinking ability. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 92:5;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Prov. 2:1-5;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Isa. 55:9</a>) It helps us make choices that lead to happiness while still allowing us to blossom as individuals. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Ps. 1:2, 3</a>) Yes, thinking like Jehovah is beneficial and desirable! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>19-20 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 48:17)</strong></a> This is what Jehovah says, your Repurchaser, the Holy One of Israel: “I, Jehovah, am your God, The One teaching you to benefit yourself,* The One guiding you in the way you should walk.</p><p></p><p>Or “for your own good.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 48:18)</strong></a> If only you would pay attention to my commandments! Then your peace would become just like a river And your righteousness like the waves of the sea.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 92:5)</strong></a> How great your works are, O Jehovah! How very deep your thoughts are!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 2:1-5)</strong></a> My son, if you accept my sayings And treasure up my commandments,  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>By making your ear attentive to wisdom And inclining your heart to discernment;  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Moreover, if you call out for understanding And raise your voice for discernment;  <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>If you keep seeking for it as for silver, And you keep searching for it as for hidden treasures;  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>Then you will understand the fear of Jehovah, And you will find the knowledge of God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Isa. 55:9)</strong></a> “For as the heavens are higher than the earth, So my ways are higher than your ways And my thoughts than your thoughts.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ps. 1:2, 3)</strong></a> But his delight is in the law of Jehovah, And he reads His law in an undertone* day and night.  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>He will be like a tree planted by streams of water, A tree that produces fruit in its season, The foliage of which does not wither. And everything he does will succeed.</p><p></p><p>Or “he meditates on His law.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
