<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, April 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Tuesday, April 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="themeScrp"><em>You find pleasure in truth in the inner person; teach my innermost self true wisdom.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 51:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">Consider how our physical health illustrates the importance of who we are on the inside. First, to keep ourselves in good condition on the inside, we must choose a healthy diet, and we need to exercise regularly. Likewise, to keep ourselves in good spiritual condition, we must choose a healthy diet of spiritual food and regularly exercise our faith in Jehovah. That form of exercise involves applying what we learn and speaking about our faith. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 10:8-10;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Jas. 2:26</a>) Second, based on outward appearance, we might think that we are healthy even though we are actually diseased on the inside. In a similar way, based on our theocratic routine, we may think that our faith is strong, but wrong desires could be growing in us. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 10:12;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Jas. 1:14, 15</a>) We must remember that Satan would like to infect us with his thinking. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>15 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 51:6)</strong></a> Look! You find pleasure in truth in the inner person; Teach my innermost self* true wisdom.</p><p></p><p>Or “my secret self.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 10:8-10)</strong></a> But what does it say? “The word is near you, in your own mouth and in your own heart”; that is, “the word” of faith, which we are preaching. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>For if you publicly declare with your mouth that Jesus is Lord, and exercise faith in your heart that God raised him up from the dead, you will be saved. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>For with the heart one exercises faith for righteousness, but with the mouth one makes public declaration for salvation.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jas. 2:26)</strong></a> Indeed, just as the body without spirit* is dead, so also faith without works is dead.</p><p></p><p>Or “breath.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 10:12)</strong></a> So let the one who thinks he is standing beware that he does not fall.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:14, 15)</strong></a> But each one is tried by being drawn out and enticed* by his own desire. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Then the desire, when it has become fertile,* gives birth to sin; in turn sin, when it has been carried out, brings forth death.</p><p></p><p>Or “caught as by bait.”</p><p>Lit., “has conceived.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
