<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, April 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p9" data-pid="9"><span id="page38" class="pageNum" data-no="38" data-before-text="38"></span>Friday, April 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="themeScrp"><em>Father, if you want to, remove this cup from me.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 22:42</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p11" data-pid="11" class="p11">Just after Jesus introduced the Lord’s Evening Meal, he demonstrated tremendous courage. How so? Jesus accepted his Father’s will for him, even though he knew that doing so meant that he would be executed for the shameful crime of blasphemy. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 26:65, 66</a>) Jesus maintained perfect integrity so as to honor Jehovah’s name, uphold God’s sovereignty, and open the way to endless life for repentant humans. At the same time, Jesus prepared his followers for what they would soon face. Jesus also showed courage by setting aside any anxiety he may have had and by focusing attention on the needs of his faithful apostles. The simple meal, which he introduced after dismissing Judas, would remind those who would become his anointed followers of the benefits of Jesus’ shed blood and of sharing in the new covenant.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 10:16, 17</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>22 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p12" data-pid="12" class="p12"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 9) </strong><span id="citationsource4"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted3.xhtml#citation4"><strong>Mark 11:1-11</strong></a></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 22:42)</strong></a> saying: “Father, if you want to, remove this cup from me. Nevertheless, let, not my will, but yours take place.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:65, 66)</strong></a> Then the high priest ripped his outer garments, saying: “He has blasphemed! What further need do we have of witnesses? See! Now you have heard the blasphemy. <strong><sup>66 </sup></strong>What is your opinion?” They answered: “He deserves to die.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 10:16, 17)</strong></a> The cup of blessing that we bless, is it not a sharing in the blood of the Christ? The loaf that we break, is it not a sharing in the body of the Christ? <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Because there is one loaf, we, although many, are one body, for we are all partaking of that one loaf.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
