<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, April 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53"><span id="page42" class="pageNum" data-no="42" data-before-text="42"></span>Wednesday, April 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class="themeScrp"><em>Go and do the same yourself.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 10:37</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">We might ask ourselves: ‘Am I doing the same? Am I doing what the compassionate Samaritan did?’ (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 10:30-35</a>) ‘Could I more actively display mercy and engage in positive deeds of kindness toward those who are suffering? For instance, could I offer practical help to older fellow Christians, widows, and those who are spiritually fatherless children? Can I take the initiative to “speak consolingly to those who are depressed”?’ (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Thess. 5:14;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Jas. 1:27</a>) When we display mercy toward others, we enjoy the happiness that results from giving. Moreover, we know that we are pleasing Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Acts 20:35;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Heb. 13:16</a>) Regarding a person who shows consideration, King David said: “Jehovah will guard him and keep him alive. He will be pronounced happy in the earth.” (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Ps. 41:1, 2</a>) Giving expression to our feelings of compassion will also put us in line to receive Jehovah’s mercy, which in turn can result in our being eternally happy.​—<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Jas. 2:13</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>19 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 10:37)</strong></a> He said: “The one who acted mercifully toward him.” Jesus then said to him: “Go and do the same yourself.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 10:30-35)</strong></a> In reply Jesus said: “A man was going down from Jerusalem to Jerʹi·cho and fell victim to robbers, who stripped him, beat him, and went off, leaving him half-dead. <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>Now by coincidence a priest was going down on that road, but when he saw him, he passed by on the opposite side. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>Likewise, a Levite, when he came to the place and saw him, passed by on the opposite side. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>But a certain Sa·marʹi·tan traveling the road came upon him, and at seeing him, he was moved with pity. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>So he approached him and bandaged his wounds, pouring oil and wine on them. Then he mounted him on his own animal and brought him to an inn and took care of him. <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>The next day he took out two de·narʹi·i, gave them to the innkeeper, and said: ‘Take care of him, and whatever you spend besides this, I will repay you when I return.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:14)</strong></a> On the other hand, we urge you, brothers, to warn* the disorderly, speak consolingly to those who are depressed,* support the weak, be patient toward all.</p><p></p><p>Or “admonish.”</p><p>Or “those who are discouraged.” Lit., “those of little soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:27)</strong></a> The form of worship* that is clean and undefiled from the standpoint of our God and Father is this: to look after orphans and widows in their tribulation, and to keep oneself without spot from the world.</p><p></p><p>Or “religion.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 20:35)</strong></a> I have shown you in all things that by working hard in this way, you must assist those who are weak and must keep in mind the words of the Lord Jesus, when he himself said: ‘There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:16)</strong></a> Moreover, do not forget to do good and to share what you have with others, for God is well-pleased with such sacrifices.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Ps. 41:1, 2)</strong></a> Happy is anyone who shows consideration to the lowly one; Jehovah will rescue him in the day of calamity.  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>Jehovah will guard him and keep him alive. He will be pronounced happy in the earth; You will never turn him over to the will* of his enemies.</p><p></p><p>Or “desire; soul.” See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Jas. 2:13)</strong></a> For the one who does not practice mercy will have his judgment without mercy. Mercy triumphs over judgment.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
