<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, April 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Monday, April 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp"><em>They speak abusively of you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 4:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">To continue walking in the truth, we must not give in to pressure from others. When we started to walk in the truth, our relationship with non-Witness associates and family members changed. Some were tolerant; others became outright opposers. Family members, workmates, and schoolmates may try to get us to join them in their celebrations. How can we resist the pressure to conform to customs and holidays that do not honor Jehovah? We can do so by keeping Jehovah’s view of such practices clearly in mind. Reviewing discussions printed in our publications that show the origin of popular holidays can be helpful. When we remind ourselves of the Scriptural reasons for not participating in such holidays, we are convinced that we are walking in the way that “is acceptable to the Lord.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 5:10</a>) Trusting in Jehovah and his Word of truth will protect us from “trembling at men.”​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 29:25</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>11 ¶10,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation2"> 12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 4:4)</strong></a> They are puzzled that you do not continue running with them in the same decadent course of debauchery, so they speak abusively of you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:10)</strong></a> Keep on making sure of what is acceptable to the Lord;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 29:25)</strong></a> Trembling at* men is* a snare, But the one trusting in Jehovah will be protected.</p><p></p><p>Or “Fear of.”</p><p>Or “lays.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
