<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, April 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020003"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71"><span id="page44" class="pageNum" data-no="44" data-before-text="44"></span>Tuesday, April 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah was with Joseph and Jehovah made whatever he did successful.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 39:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">When we are faced with sudden changes, we might easily let worries about the future paralyze our life. This could have happened to Joseph. Instead, he evidently decided to make the best of his situation, thus giving Jehovah something to bless. Although in prison, Joseph worked hard to fulfill any task given him by the chief officer, just as he had done when working for Potiphar. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 39:21, 22</a>) Like Joseph, we may find ourselves in a situation over which we have little or no control. However, if we remain patient and work hard at making the best of our circumstances, we will give Jehovah something to bless. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 37:5</a>) True, we may at times feel “perplexed,” but we will never, as the apostle Paul put it, be “left in despair.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Cor. 4:8</a>; ftn.) These words of Paul will come true in our case, especially if we stay focused on our ministry. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.10 </em>29 ¶11,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020003-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation2"> 13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 39:23)</strong></a> The chief officer of the prison was looking after absolutely nothing that was in Joseph’s care, for Jehovah was with Joseph and Jehovah made whatever he did successful.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 39:21, 22)</strong></a> But Jehovah continued with Joseph and kept showing loyal love to him and granting him favor in the eyes of the chief officer of the prison. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>So the chief officer of the prison put Joseph in charge of all the prisoners in the prison, and everything that they were doing there, he was the one having it done.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:5)</strong></a> Commit your way to* Jehovah; Rely on him, and he will act in your behalf.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “Roll your way upon.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 4:8)</strong></a> We are hard-pressed in every way, but not cramped beyond movement; we are perplexed, but not absolutely with no way out;*</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “not left in despair.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
