<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, May 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Thursday, May 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah became furious at Solomon.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Ki. 11:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">Why was Jehovah’s anger raised against Solomon? The Bible reports: “Because his heart had inclined away from Jehovah . . . , who had appeared to him twice and had warned him about this very thing, that he should not go after other gods. But he did not obey what Jehovah had commanded.” As a result, God withdrew his approval and support. Solomon’s heirs lost the unified kingdom of Israel and suffered many calamities for generations to come. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Ki. 11:9-13</a>) As in Solomon’s case, one of the greatest threats to spirituality is friendship with those who do not understand or respect Jehovah’s standards. Some may be associated with the congregation but may be spiritually weak. Others could be relatives, neighbors, coworkers, or schoolmates who are not worshippers of Jehovah. In any case, if our close associates do not show a high regard for Jehovah’s standards, they can in time destroy our good standing with God. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>19 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 11:9)</strong></a> Jehovah became furious at Solʹo·mon, because his heart had inclined away from Jehovah the God of Israel, who had appeared to him twice</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 11:9-13)</strong></a> Jehovah became furious at Solʹo·mon, because his heart had inclined away from Jehovah the God of Israel, who had appeared to him twice <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>and had warned him about this very thing, that he should not go after other gods. But he did not obey what Jehovah had commanded. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>Jehovah now said to Solʹo·mon: “Because you have done this and you have not kept my covenant and my statutes as I commanded you, I will surely rip the kingdom away from you, and I will give it to one of your servants. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>However, for the sake of your father David, I will not do it in your lifetime. I will rip it out of the hand of your son, <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>but I will not rip away the entire kingdom. One tribe I will give to your son, for the sake of David my servant and for the sake of Jerusalem, which I have chosen.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
