<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, May 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80"><span id="page56" class="pageNum" data-no="56" data-before-text="56"></span>Wednesday, May 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>You have found favor with God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 1:30</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">When it came time for God’s Son to be born as a human, Jehovah selected a humble virgin girl, Mary, to be the mother of this special child. Mary lived in the insignificant city of Nazareth, far from Jerusalem and its magnificent temple. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 1:26-33</a>) Mary revealed her deep spirituality when she later spoke to her relative Elizabeth. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 1:46-55</a>) Yes, Jehovah had been observing Mary, and he granted her this unexpected privilege because of her faithfulness. When Mary eventually gave birth to Jesus, Jehovah did not honor any of the prominent officials or rulers in Jerusalem and Bethlehem by letting them know what had happened. Angels appeared to lowly shepherds who were caring for sheep in the fields outside Bethlehem. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Luke 2:8-14</a>) These shepherds then visited the newborn baby. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Luke 2:15-17</a>) How pleasantly surprised Mary and Joseph must have been to see Jesus honored in such a manner! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>9-10 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 1:30)</strong></a> So the angel said to her: “Do not be afraid, Mary, for you have found favor with God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 1:26-33)</strong></a> In her sixth month, the angel Gaʹbri·el was sent from God to a city of Galʹi·lee named Nazʹa·reth, <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>to a virgin promised in marriage to a man named Joseph of David’s house, and the name of the virgin was Mary. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>And coming in, the angel said to her: “Greetings, you highly favored one, Jehovah is with you.” <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>But she was deeply disturbed at his words and tried to understand what kind of greeting this might be. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>So the angel said to her: “Do not be afraid, Mary, for you have found favor with God. <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>And look! you will become pregnant* and give birth to a son, and you are to name him Jesus. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>This one will be great and will be called Son of the Most High, and Jehovah God will give him the throne of David his father, <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>and he will rule as King over the house of Jacob forever, and there will be no end to his Kingdom.”</p><p></p><p>Or “will conceive in your womb.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 1:46-55)</strong></a> And Mary said: “My soul magnifies Jehovah, <strong><sup>47 </sup></strong>and my spirit cannot keep from being overjoyed at God my Savior, <strong><sup>48 </sup></strong>because he has looked upon the low position of his slave girl. For look! from now on all generations will declare me happy, <strong><sup>49 </sup></strong>because the powerful One has done great deeds for me, and holy is his name, <strong><sup>50 </sup></strong>and for generation after generation his mercy is upon those who fear him. <strong><sup>51 </sup></strong>He has acted mightily with his arm; he has scattered those who are haughty in the intention of their hearts. <strong><sup>52 </sup></strong>He has brought down powerful men from thrones and has exalted lowly ones; <strong><sup>53 </sup></strong>he has fully satisfied hungry ones with good things and has sent away empty-handed those who had wealth. <strong><sup>54 </sup></strong>He has come to the aid of Israel his servant, remembering his mercy, <strong><sup>55 </sup></strong>just as he spoke to our forefathers, to Abraham and to his offspring,* forever.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 2:8-14)</strong></a> There were also in the same region shepherds living out of doors and keeping watch in the night over their flocks. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Suddenly Jehovah’s angel stood before them, and Jehovah’s glory gleamed around them, and they became very fearful. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>But the angel said to them: “Do not be afraid, for look! I am declaring to you good news of a great joy that all the people will have. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>For today there was born to you in David’s city a savior, who is Christ the Lord. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>And this is a sign for you: You will find an infant wrapped in strips of cloth and lying in a manger.” <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly army,* praising God and saying: <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>“Glory in the heights above to God, and on earth peace among men of goodwill.”</p><p></p><p>Or “host.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Luke 2:15-17)</strong></a> So when the angels had departed from them into heaven, the shepherds began saying to one another: “Let us by all means go over to Bethʹle·hem and see what has taken place, which Jehovah has made known to us.” <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>And they went quickly and found Mary as well as Joseph, and the infant lying in the manger. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>When they saw this, they made known the message that they had been told concerning this young child.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
