<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, May 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17"><span id="page49" class="pageNum" data-no="49" data-before-text="49"></span>Wednesday, May 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>Hold fast to what you have until I come. And to the one who conquers and observes my deeds down to the end, I will give authority over the nations.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rev. 2:25, 26</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">In his messages to certain congregations of Asia Minor, Jesus expressed appreciation for the work his followers did. For example, he began his message to the congregation in Thyatira by saying: “I know your deeds, and your love and faith and ministry and endurance, and that your deeds of late are more than those you did at first.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rev. 2:19</a>) Jesus not only mentioned their increased activity but also commended them for the qualities that motivated their good deeds. Although Jesus needed to counsel some in Thyatira, he still began and ended his message with encouragement. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rev. 2:27, 28</a>) Think of the authority Jesus has as head of all the congregations. He does not have to thank us for the work we do for him. Even so, he makes a point of expressing appreciation. What an excellent example he sets for elders! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>16 ¶10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rev. 2:25, 26)</strong></a> Just the same, hold fast to what you have until I come. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>And to the one who conquers and observes my deeds down to the end, I will give authority over the nations,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 2:19)</strong></a> ‘I know your deeds, and your love and faith and ministry and endurance, and that your deeds of late are more than those you did at first.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 2:27, 28)</strong></a> and he will shepherd the people with an iron rod so that they will be broken to pieces like clay vessels, just as I have received from my Father. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>And I will give him the morning star.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
