<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, May 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53"><span id="page53" class="pageNum" data-no="53" data-before-text="53"></span>Monday, May 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class="themeScrp"><em>Bad associations spoil useful habits.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 15:33</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">Although we endeavor to have good relations with family members and treat them kindly, we must be careful not to compromise the truth to please them. While we will continue to try to get along well with family members, we will have close friendships only with those who love Jehovah. All who walk in the truth must be holy. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 35:8;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 1 Pet. 1:14-16</a>) When coming into the truth, all of us had to make adjustments to conform to the Bible’s righteous standards. Some had to undergo major changes. Whichever the case, we must never trade our pure, holy condition for the immoral filth of this world. How can we avoid succumbing to immoral conduct? Reflect on the high price that Jehovah paid in order for us to be holy​—the precious blood of his Son, Jesus Christ. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Pet. 1:18, 19</a>) To maintain our clean standing before Jehovah, we need to keep the value of Jesus’ ransom sacrifice foremost in our mind and heart. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>11 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:33)</strong></a> Do not be misled. Bad associations spoil useful habits.*</p><p></p><p>Or “corrupt good morals.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 35:8)</strong></a> And a highway will be there, Yes, a way called the Way of Holiness. The unclean one will not travel on it. It is reserved for the one walking on the way; No one foolish will stray onto it.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 1:14-16)</strong></a> As obedient children, stop being molded by* the desires you formerly had in your ignorance, <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>but like the Holy One who called you, become holy yourselves in all your conduct, <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>for it is written: “You must be holy, because I am holy.”</p><p></p><p>Or “fashioned after.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 1:18, 19)</strong></a> For you know that it was not with corruptible things, with silver or gold, that you were set free* from your futile way of life handed down to you by your forefathers.* <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>But it was with precious blood, like that of an unblemished and spotless lamb, that of Christ.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “you were ransomed; you were redeemed.”</p><p>Or “by tradition.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
