<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, May 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89"><span id="page57" class="pageNum" data-no="57" data-before-text="57"></span>Saturday, May 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class="themeScrp"><em>Accept the helmet of salvation.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 6:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">Just as a helmet protects a soldier’s brain, our “hope of salvation” protects our mind, our thinking ability. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Thess. 5:8;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Prov. 3:21</a>) How could Satan induce us to remove our helmet? Consider the way he dealt with Jesus. Satan surely knew that Jesus had the hope of eventually ruling mankind. But Jesus would have to wait until Jehovah’s appointed time. And before then, he would have to suffer and die. So Satan offered Jesus the chance to fulfill his hope sooner. Satan suggested that if Jesus would do one act of worship, he could have it all and have it right then. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Luke 4:5-7</a>) Similarly, Satan knows that Jehovah offers us material benefits in the new system. But we have to wait, and we might have to suffer hardships in the meantime. So Satan offers us tempting opportunities to enjoy such a life now. He wants us to seek material benefits first​—to have it all and have it now. Satan urges us to seek the Kingdom second.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 6:31-33</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>30-31 ¶15-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:17)</strong></a> Also, accept the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the spirit, that is, God’s word,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:8)</strong></a> But as for us who belong to the day, let us keep our senses and put on the breastplate of faith and love and the hope of salvation as a helmet</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 3:21)</strong></a> My son, do not lose sight of them.* Safeguard practical wisdom and thinking ability;</p><p></p><p>Evidently referring to God’s qualities mentioned in the previous verses.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 4:5-7)</strong></a> So he brought him up and showed him all the kingdoms of the inhabited earth in an instant of time. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>Then the Devil said to him: “I will give you all this authority and their glory, because it has been handed over to me, and I give it to whomever I wish. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>If you, therefore, do an act of worship before me, it will all be yours.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:31-33)</strong></a> So never be anxious and say, ‘What are we to eat?’ or, ‘What are we to drink?’ or, ‘What are we to wear?’ <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>For all these are the things the nations are eagerly pursuing. Your heavenly Father knows that you need all these things. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>“Keep on, then, seeking first the Kingdom and his righteousness, and all these other things will be added to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
