<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, May 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Sunday, May 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="themeScrp"><em>As the heavens are higher than the earth, so my ways are higher than your ways and my thoughts than your thoughts.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 55:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">Much worldly advice is in conflict with the Scriptures. Still, might some of it be more suited to our times? “Wisdom is proved righteous by its works,” said Jesus. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 11:19</a>) The world has made considerable advancement in technology; however, it has been unable to solve the major problems that stand in the way of happiness, such as war, racism, and crime. And what of its lenient view of morality? Many people acknowledge that this is, not solving, but contributing to family breakdown, illness, and other troubles. On the other hand, Christians who adopt God’s viewpoint are enjoying improved family relationships, the healthful benefits of moral cleanness, and peace among fellow believers on a worldwide scale. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 2:4;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Acts 10:34, 35;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 1 Cor. 6:9-11</a>) Does this not show that Jehovah’s thinking is superior to that of the world? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>20 ¶8-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 55:9)</strong></a> “For as the heavens are higher than the earth, So my ways are higher than your ways And my thoughts than your thoughts.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:19)</strong></a> The Son of man did come eating and drinking, but people say, ‘Look! A man who is a glutton and is given to drinking wine, a friend of tax collectors and sinners.’ All the same, wisdom is proved righteous* by its works.”*</p><p></p><p>Or “is vindicated.”</p><p>Or “by its results.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 2:4)</strong></a> He will render judgment among the nations And set matters straight* respecting many peoples. They will beat their swords into plowshares And their spears into pruning shears. Nation will not lift up sword against nation, Nor will they learn war anymore.</p><p></p><p>Or “correct matters.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 10:34, 35)</strong></a> At this Peter began to speak, and he said: “Now I truly understand that God is not partial, <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>but in every nation the man who fears him and does what is right is acceptable to him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 6:9-11)</strong></a> Or do you not know that unrighteous people will not inherit God’s Kingdom? Do not be misled.* Those who are sexually immoral,* idolaters, adulterers, men who submit to homosexual acts, men who practice homosexuality,* <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>thieves, greedy people, drunkards, revilers,* and extortioners will not inherit God’s Kingdom. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>And yet that is what some of you were. But you have been washed clean; you have been sanctified; you have been declared righteous in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and with the spirit of our God.</p><p></p><p>Or “deceived.”</p><p>See Glossary, “Sexual immorality.”</p><p>Or “men who have sex with men.” Lit., “men who lie with men.”</p><p>Or “the verbally abusive.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
