<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, May 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Thursday, May 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class="themeScrp"><em>Judas and Silas . . . encouraged the brothers with many talks and strengthened them.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 15:32</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">The first-century governing body proved to be a source of encouragement both to those taking the lead and to Christians in general. They sent two of their number, Peter and John, to pray for the new believers to receive holy spirit. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 8:5,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 14-17</a>) How Philip himself as well as those he had converted must have been encouraged by this support from the governing body! Today, the Governing Body of Jehovah’s Witnesses gives encouragement to Bethel family members, to special full-time field workers, and indeed, to the entire international brotherhood of true Christians. And the result is the same as in the first century​—rejoicing over the encouragement! In addition, in 2015 the Governing Body published the brochure <em>Return to Jehovah, </em>which has proved to be a rich source of encouragement to many throughout the world. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>19 ¶18-20</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 15:32)</strong></a> And Judas and Silas, since they were also prophets, encouraged the brothers with many talks and strengthened them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 8:5)</strong></a> Now Philip went down to the city of Sa·marʹi·a and began to preach the Christ to them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 8:14-17)</strong></a> When the apostles in Jerusalem heard that Sa·marʹi·a had accepted the word of God, they sent Peter and John to them; <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>and these went down and prayed for them to get holy spirit. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>For it had not yet come upon any one of them, but they had only been baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Then they laid their hands on them, and they began to receive holy spirit.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
