<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, May 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Thursday, May 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>Do not be afraid, for I am with you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 41:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">Jehovah shows that he is with us by giving us his full attention and his warm affection. Note how he expresses his tender and deep feelings for us. “You became <em>precious </em>in my eyes,” says Jehovah. “You were <em>honored, </em>and I have <em>loved </em>you.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 43:4</a>) No force in the universe can make Jehovah abandon his love for those who serve him; his loyalty to us is unshakable. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 54:10</a>) Jehovah does not promise to remove the challenges that make life difficult, but he will not allow “the rivers” of problems to drown us or “the flame” of trials to do us any permanent damage. He guarantees that he will be with us, helping us to “pass through” those challenges. What will Jehovah do? He will help quiet our fears so that we can maintain our integrity to him, even if we face death. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Isa. 41:13;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 43:2</a>) When we trust in God’s promise “I will be with you,” we too will be courageous and strong as we endure trials. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>3 ¶4-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 41:10)</strong></a> Do not be afraid, for I am with you. Do not be anxious, for I am your God. I will fortify you, yes, I will help you, I will really hold on to you with my right hand of righteousness.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 43:4)</strong></a> For you became precious in my eyes, You were honored, and I have loved you. So I will give people in place of you And nations in exchange for your life.*</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 54:10)</strong></a> For the mountains may be removed And the hills may be shaken, But my loyal love will not be removed from you, Nor will my covenant of peace be shaken,” says Jehovah, the One having mercy on you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 41:13)</strong></a> For I, Jehovah your God, am grasping your right hand, The One saying to you, ‘Do not be afraid. I will help you.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Isa. 43:2)</strong></a> When you pass through the waters, I will be with you, And through the rivers, they will not flood over you. When you walk through the fire, you will not be scorched, Nor will the flame singe you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
