<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, May 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Tuesday, May 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class="themeScrp"><em>Whatever a person is sowing, this he will also reap.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gal. 6:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">Youths, make up your mind to focus your life on your desire to serve Jehovah. This means centering your life on spiritual goals. Other youths of your age probably center their lives on having a good time, and they will likely invite you to join them. Sooner or later you will need to show how determined you are to stick to the choices you have made. Do not be distracted by peer pressure. There are a number of ways to combat peer pressure. For instance, avoid situations that are known to be tempting. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 22:3</a>) And remind yourself of the painful consequences of joining others in bad behavior. A further help is to admit your own need for advice. Humility will allow you to be open to suggestions from your parents and spiritually mature ones in the congregation. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Pet. 5:5, 6</a>) Are you humble enough to accept sound advice? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>28-29 ¶14-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:7)</strong></a> Do not be misled: God is not one to be mocked. For whatever a person is sowing, this he will also reap;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 22:3)</strong></a> The shrewd one sees the danger and conceals himself, But the inexperienced keep right on going and suffer the consequences.*</p><p></p><p>Or “penalty.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:5, 6)</strong></a> In the same way, you younger men, be in subjection to the older men.* But all of you clothe* yourselves with humility* toward one another, because God opposes the haughty ones, but he gives undeserved kindness to the humble ones. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>Humble yourselves, therefore, under the mighty hand of God, so that he may exalt you in due time,</p><p></p><p>Or “the elders.”</p><p>Or “gird.”</p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
