<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, May 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44"><span id="page52" class="pageNum" data-no="52" data-before-text="52"></span>Friday, May 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class="themeScrp"><em>Many are the plans in a man’s heart, but the counsel of Jehovah is what will prevail.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 19:21</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">If you are a young person, you may have been encouraged by teachers, guidance counselors, or others to pursue higher education and a lucrative career. Jehovah, however, advises you to take a different course. To be sure, he wants you to work hard while you are at school so that you are able to earn a living after you graduate. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Col. 3:23</a>) But when you are deciding on your priorities in life, he encourages you to be guided by sound principles that take into account his purpose and his will for us during this time of the end. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 24:14</a>) Jehovah knows what lies ahead for the present world, and he knows how soon its end will come. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Isa. 46:10;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Matt. 24:3,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 36</a>) He also knows us​—what gives us true satisfaction and happiness as well as what leads us to disappointment and unhappiness. So no matter how reasonable human advice may seem, if it does not take God’s Word into account, it is not wisdom at all. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>19 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 19:21)</strong></a> Many are the plans in a man’s heart, But the counsel* of Jehovah is what will prevail.</p><p></p><p>Or “purpose.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Col. 3:23)</strong></a> Whatever you are doing, work at it whole-souled* as for Jehovah,* and not for men,</p><p></p><p>See Glossary, “Soul.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:14)</strong></a> And this good news of the Kingdom will be preached in all the inhabited earth for a witness to all the nations, and then the end will come.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 46:10)</strong></a> From the beginning I foretell the outcome, And from long ago the things that have not yet been done. I say, ‘My decision* will stand, And I will do whatever I please.’</p><p></p><p>Or “purpose; counsel.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:3)</strong></a> While he was sitting on the Mount of Olives, the disciples approached him privately, saying: “Tell us, when will these things be, and what will be the sign of your presence and of the conclusion of the system of things?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:36)</strong></a> “Concerning that day and hour nobody knows, neither the angels of the heavens nor the Son, but only the Father.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
