<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, May 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35"><span id="page51" class="pageNum" data-no="51" data-before-text="51"></span>Tuesday, May 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class="themeScrp"><em>Woe to those who say that . . . bad is good.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 5:20</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">Humans have had a conscience ever since man has been on the earth. After Adam and Eve broke Jehovah’s law, they hid themselves. This indicates that their conscience was bothering them. Those with a poorly trained conscience can be likened to a ship that is navigating with a defective compass. Setting off on a journey without an accurate compass can be treacherous. The winds and currents of the ocean can easily throw a ship off course. A properly calibrated compass can help the captain to keep the ship on course. Our conscience can be likened to a moral compass. It is an inner sense of right or wrong that can guide us in the right direction. But in order for our conscience to be an effective guide, it must be properly adjusted, or calibrated. When a person’s conscience is not properly trained, it does not act as a restraint from wrongdoing. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Tim. 4:1, 2</a>) Such a conscience might even convince us that “bad is good.” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>16 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 5:20)</strong></a> Woe to those who say that good is bad and bad is good, Those who substitute darkness for light and light for darkness, Those who put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 4:1, 2)</strong></a> However, the inspired word* clearly says that in later times some will fall away from the faith, paying attention to misleading inspired statements* and teachings of demons, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>by means of the hypocrisy of men who speak lies, whose conscience is seared as with a branding iron.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the spirit.”</p><p>Lit., “misleading spirits.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
