<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, May 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23">Friday, May 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class="themeScrp"><em>You will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 8:32</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">People may think that the more freedom they have, the better off they will be, but the reality is that having unbounded freedom is a two-edged sword. We shudder to imagine what the world would be like if there were no restraints at all. For this reason, <em>The World Book Encyclopedia </em>states: “The laws of every organized society form a complicated pattern of balanced freedoms and restrictions.” “Complicated” is surely the right word. Just think of the volumes and volumes of laws written by man, let alone the armies of lawyers and judges needed to interpret and administer them. Jesus’ direction for gaining true freedom involves two requirements: First, accept the truth that he taught, and second, become his disciple. Doing so will lead to true freedom. But freedom from what? Jesus went on to explain: “Every doer of sin is a slave of sin. . . . If the Son sets you free, you will be truly free.”​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 8:34,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 36</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>6-7 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 8:32)</strong></a> and you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 8:34)</strong></a> Jesus answered them: “Most truly I say to you, every doer of sin is a slave of sin.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 8:36)</strong></a> So if the Son sets you free, you will be truly free.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
