<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, May 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Sunday, May 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class="themeScrp"><em>Safeguard your heart.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 4:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">The last of the Ten Commandments prohibited coveting, or developing a wrong desire for what belongs to another. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Deut. 5:21;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Rom. 7:7</a>) Jehovah gave this law to teach a valuable lesson​—his people must guard their heart, that is, their thoughts, feelings, and reasonings. He knows that wicked acts begin as wicked thoughts and feelings. King David, for example, fell into that trap. Normally, he was a good man. But on one occasion, he coveted another man’s wife. His desire led to sin. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Jas. 1:14, 15</a>) David committed adultery, tried to deceive the woman’s husband, and then had him killed. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Sam. 11:2-4;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 12:7-11</a>) Jehovah sees beyond a person’s outward appearance. He sees what we really are inside, in our heart. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">1 Sam. 16:7</a>) No thought, no feeling, no action can be kept secret from him. He looks for and encourages the good in us. But he wants us to identify and control wrong thoughts before they become wrong actions.​—<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">2 Chron. 16:9;</a><span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9"> Matt. 5:27-30</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>21 ¶9;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation2"> 22 ¶11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 4:23)</strong></a> Above all the things that you guard, safeguard your heart, For out of it are the sources of life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Deut. 5:21)</strong></a> “‘Neither must you desire your fellow man’s wife. Neither must you selfishly desire your fellow man’s house nor his field nor his slave man nor his slave girl nor his bull nor his donkey nor anything that belongs to your fellow man.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 7:7)</strong></a> What, then, are we to say? Is the Law sin? Certainly not! Really, I would not have come to know sin had it not been for the Law. For example, I would not have known covetousness if the Law had not said: “You must not covet.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:14, 15)</strong></a> But each one is tried by being drawn out and enticed* by his own desire. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Then the desire, when it has become fertile,* gives birth to sin; in turn sin, when it has been carried out, brings forth death.</p><p></p><p>Or “caught as by bait.”</p><p>Lit., “has conceived.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 11:2-4)</strong></a> One evening* David got up from his bed and walked around on the rooftop of the king’s house.* From the rooftop he saw a woman bathing, and the woman was very beautiful. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>David sent someone to inquire about the woman, and he reported: “Is this not Bath-sheʹba the daughter of E·liʹam and the wife of U·riʹah the Hitʹtite?” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Then David sent messengers to bring her. So she came in to him, and he lay down with her. (This happened while she was purifying herself from her uncleanness.*) Afterward, she returned to her house.</p><p></p><p>Or “Late one afternoon.”</p><p>Or “palace.”</p><p>Possibly her menstrual uncleanness.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 12:7-11)</strong></a> Then Nathan said to David: “You are the man! This is what Jehovah the God of Israel says: ‘I myself anointed you as king over Israel, and I rescued you from the hand of Saul. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>I was willing to give you your master’s house and put your master’s wives in your arms, and I gave you the house of Israel and of Judah. And as if that were not enough, I was willing to do much more for you. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Why did you despise the word of Jehovah by doing what is bad in his eyes? You struck down U·riʹah the Hitʹtite with the sword! Then you took his wife as your wife after you killed him by the sword of the Amʹmon·ites. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Now a sword will never depart from your own house, because you despised me by taking the wife of U·riʹah the Hitʹtite as your wife.’ <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>This is what Jehovah says: ‘Here I am bringing against you calamity from within your own house; and before your own eyes, I will take your wives and give them to another man,* and he will lie down with your wives in broad daylight.*</p><p></p><p>Or “to your fellow man.”</p><p>Lit., “to the eyes of this sun.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 16:7)</strong></a> But Jehovah said to Samuel: “Do not pay attention to his appearance and how tall he is, for I have rejected him. For the way man sees is not the way God sees, because mere man sees what appears to the eyes, but Jehovah sees into the heart.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(2 Chron. 16:9)</strong></a> For the eyes of Jehovah are roving about through all the earth to show his strength* in behalf of those whose heart is complete toward* him. You have acted foolishly in this matter; from now on there will be wars against you.”</p><p></p><p>Or “support.”</p><p>Or “completely devoted to.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:27-30)</strong></a> “You heard that it was said: ‘You must not commit adultery.’ <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>But I say to you that everyone who keeps on looking at a woman so as to have a passion for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>If, now, your right eye is making you stumble, tear it out and throw it away from you. For it is better for you to lose one of your members than for your whole body to be pitched into Ge·henʹna. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>Also, if your right hand is making you stumble, cut it off and throw it away from you. For it is better for you to lose one of your members than for your whole body to land in Ge·henʹna.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
