<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, May 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Friday, May 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="themeScrp"><em>The whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 John 5:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">Satan uses movies and television shows to spread his way of thinking. He understands that storytelling does much more than entertain us; it teaches us how to think, feel, and act. Jesus made good use of this method of teaching. Take, for example, his parables of the neighborly Samaritan and of the son who left home and wasted his inheritance. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 13:34;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Luke 10:29-37;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted29.xhtml#citation4"> 15:11-32</a>) However, those who are infected with Satan’s thinking can use storytelling to corrupt us. We need to be balanced. Movies and TV shows can entertain and educate us without contaminating our thinking. But we must be cautious. When choosing entertainment, we do well to ask ourselves, ‘Is this movie or TV show teaching me that it is all right to give in to my fleshly desires?’ (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Gal. 5:19-21;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Eph. 2:1-3</a>) What should you do if you detect that a program is promoting satanic thinking? Avoid it as you would a contagious disease! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>15-16 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 John 5:19)</strong></a> We know that we originate with God, but the whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 13:34)</strong></a> All these things Jesus spoke to the crowds by illustrations. Indeed, without an illustration he would not speak to them,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 10:29-37)</strong></a> But wanting to prove himself righteous, the man said to Jesus: “Who really is my neighbor?” <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>In reply Jesus said: “A man was going down from Jerusalem to Jerʹi·cho and fell victim to robbers, who stripped him, beat him, and went off, leaving him half-dead. <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>Now by coincidence a priest was going down on that road, but when he saw him, he passed by on the opposite side. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>Likewise, a Levite, when he came to the place and saw him, passed by on the opposite side. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>But a certain Sa·marʹi·tan traveling the road came upon him, and at seeing him, he was moved with pity. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>So he approached him and bandaged his wounds, pouring oil and wine on them. Then he mounted him on his own animal and brought him to an inn and took care of him. <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>The next day he took out two de·narʹi·i, gave them to the innkeeper, and said: ‘Take care of him, and whatever you spend besides this, I will repay you when I return.’ <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>Who of these three seems to you to have made himself neighbor to the man who fell victim to the robbers?” <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>He said: “The one who acted mercifully toward him.” Jesus then said to him: “Go and do the same yourself.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Gal. 5:19-21)</strong></a> Now the works of the flesh are plainly seen, and they are sexual immorality,* uncleanness, brazen conduct,* <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>idolatry, spiritism,* hostility, strife, jealousy, fits of anger, dissensions, divisions, sects, <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>envy, drunkenness, wild parties,* and things like these. I am forewarning you about these things, the same way I already warned you, that those who practice such things will not inherit God’s Kingdom.</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>por·neiʹa. </em>See Glossary.</p><p>Or “shameless conduct.” Greek, <em>a·selʹgei·a. </em>See Glossary.</p><p>Or “sorcery; druggery.”</p><p>Or “revelries.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Eph. 2:1-3)</strong></a> Furthermore, God made you alive, though you were dead in your trespasses and sins, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>in which you at one time walked according to the system of things* of this world, according to the ruler of the authority of the air, the spirit that is now at work in the sons of disobedience. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Yes, among them we all at one time conducted ourselves in harmony with the desires of our flesh, carrying out the will of the flesh and of our thoughts, and we were naturally children of wrath just as the rest.</p><p></p><p>Or “the course.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
