<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, May 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page47" class="pageNum" data-no="47" data-before-text="47"></span><strong>May</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Friday, May 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp"><em>Love the foreign resident.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Deut. 10:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">In recent years, many countries have experienced an influx of refugees. Why not learn a greeting in the languages commonly spoken by newcomers in your area? Additionally, why not learn a few phrases that may capture their interest? You might then be able to direct them to jw.org and show them the variety of videos and publications available in their language. Jehovah lovingly provides the Life and Ministry Meeting so that we can become more effective in the field ministry. The practical instruction we receive at this meeting helps many of us feel more confident about making return visits and conducting Bible studies. Parents, help your children to let their light shine by teaching them to comment in their own words. Their simple, heartfelt expressions have sometimes prompted newly interested ones to recognize the ring of truth.​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 14:25</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>22-23 ¶7-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Deut. 10:19)</strong></a> You too must love the foreign resident, for you became foreign residents in the land of Egypt.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 14:25)</strong></a> The secrets of his heart then become evident, so that he will fall facedown and worship God, declaring: “God is really among you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
