<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, May 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Friday, May 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class="themeScrp"><em>He led them in security, and they felt no fear.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 78:53</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">When the Israelites left Egypt in 1513 B.C.E., they may have numbered more than three million. Spanning three or even four generations, there were children, elderly ones, and no doubt some who were infirm or disabled. To lead such a vast crowd out of Egypt certainly called for an understanding and thoughtful Leader. Jehovah, by means of Moses, proved to be such. As a result, the Israelites felt safe as they left the only home they had ever known. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 78:52</a>) How did Jehovah make his people feel safe and secure? For one thing, he led them out of Egypt in well-organized “battle formation.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ex. 13:18</a>) Such organization surely reassured the Israelites that their God was in control. Also, Jehovah made his presence visibly manifest by means of “a cloud by day and . . . the light of a fire” at night. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 78:14</a>) In effect, Jehovah was saying: “Do not be afraid. I am with you to guide and protect you.” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>26 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 78:53)</strong></a> He led them in security, And they felt no fear; The sea covered their enemies.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 78:52)</strong></a> Then he brought his people out like a flock And guided them like a drove in the wilderness.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ex. 13:18)</strong></a> So God made the people go around by the way of the wilderness of the Red Sea. But it was in battle formation that the Israelites went up out of the land of Egypt.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 78:14)</strong></a> He led them with a cloud by day And the whole night with the light of a fire.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
