<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, May 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Tuesday, May 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class="themeScrp"><em>I will show a waiting attitude for the God of my salvation. My God will hear me.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Mic. 7:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Many full-time servants can testify that focusing on the ministry helped them to maintain their balance despite changing circumstances. As their examples show, if we make the best of our circumstances and wait confidently on Jehovah, we will maintain our inner peace. We may even realize that we have derived much spiritual benefit from adjusting to a new set of circumstances. If life takes an unexpected turn​—whether as a result of a change in our theocratic assignments, health problems, or new family responsibilities—​be assured that Jehovah cares for you and will help you at the right time. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 4:16;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 1 Pet. 5:6, 7</a>) In the meantime, try to make the best of your situation. Draw close to your heavenly Father through prayer, and learn to leave yourself in his caring hands. In this way, you too will maintain inner peace despite changing circumstances. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.10 </em>30 ¶17;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation2"> 31 ¶19,</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation3"> 22</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Mic. 7:7)</strong></a> But as for me, I will keep on the lookout for Jehovah. I will show a waiting attitude* for the God of my salvation. My God will hear me.</p><p></p><p>Or “I will wait patiently.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 4:16)</strong></a> Let us, then, approach the throne of undeserved kindness with freeness of speech, so that we may receive mercy and find undeserved kindness to help us at the right time.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:6, 7)</strong></a> Humble yourselves, therefore, under the mighty hand of God, so that he may exalt you in due time, <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>while you throw all your anxiety* on him, because he cares for you.</p><p></p><p>Or “cares; worries.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
