<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, May 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Monday, May 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class="themeScrp"><em>Keep bearing much fruit.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 15:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">Jesus told his apostles: “I give you <em>my </em>peace.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 14:27</a>) How does that gift​—his peace—​help us to bear fruit? As we endure, we experience in our heart a lasting feeling of peace that results from knowing that we have Jehovah’s and Jesus’ approval. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 149:4;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Rom. 5:3, 4;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Col. 3:15</a>) After Jesus stated his desire that the joy experienced by the apostles might “be made full,” he explained to them the importance of showing self-sacrificing love. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">John 15:11-13</a>) Next, he said: “I have called you friends.” What a precious gift to receive​—friendship with Jesus! What did the apostles have to do to remain his friends? They had to <em>“go </em>and <em>keep </em>bearing fruit.” (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">John 15:14-16</a>) Some two years earlier, Jesus had instructed his apostles: “As you <em>go, </em>preach, saying: ‘The Kingdom of the heavens has drawn near.’” (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Matt. 10:7</a>) So on the last evening before his death, he encouraged them to <em>endure </em>in the work they had started.​—<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">Matt. 24:13;</a><span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10"> Mark 3:14</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>20-21 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 15:8)</strong></a> My Father is glorified in this, that you keep bearing much fruit and prove yourselves my disciples.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 14:27)</strong></a> I leave you peace; I give you my peace. I do not give it to you the way that the world gives it. Do not let your hearts be troubled nor let them shrink out of fear.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 149:4)</strong></a> For Jehovah takes pleasure in his people. He adorns the meek with salvation.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 5:3, 4)</strong></a> Not only that, but let us rejoice while in tribulations, since we know that tribulation produces endurance; <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>endurance, in turn, an approved condition; the approved condition, in turn, hope,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Col. 3:15)</strong></a> Also, let the peace of the Christ rule in your hearts,* for you were called to that peace in one body. And show yourselves thankful.</p><p></p><p>Or “control your hearts.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(John 15:11-13)</strong></a> “These things I have spoken to you, so that my joy may be in you and your joy may be made full. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>This is my commandment, that you love one another just as I have loved you. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>No one has love greater than this, that someone should surrender his life in behalf of his friends.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(John 15:14-16)</strong></a> You are my friends if you do what I am commanding you. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>I no longer call you slaves, because a slave does not know what his master does. But I have called you friends, because I have made known to you all the things I have heard from my Father. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>You did not choose me, but I chose you, and I appointed you to go and keep bearing fruit and that your fruit should remain, so that no matter what you ask the Father in my name, he may give it to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Matt. 10:7)</strong></a> As you go, preach, saying: ‘The Kingdom of the heavens has drawn near.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:13)</strong></a> But the one who has endured to the end will be saved.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(Mark 3:14)</strong></a> And he formed* a group of 12, whom he also named apostles, those who were to accompany him and whom he would send out to preach</p><p></p><p>Or “appointed.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
