<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, May 31
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p92" data-pid="92">Sunday, May 31</h2>
</header>
<p id="p93" data-pid="93" class="themeScrp"><em>Let your heart be glad in the days of your youth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eccl. 11:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p94" data-pid="94" class="p94">Yes, Jehovah wants you as a young person to have a joyful heart. Keep yourself focused on theocratic goals, including Jehovah in all your plans. The earlier you start to do this, the sooner you will sense Jehovah’s guidance, protection, and blessing. Think of all the sound counsel you find in God’s Word, and take to heart the advice: “Remember, then, your Grand Creator in the days of your youth.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eccl. 12:1</a>) Young people in the congregation deserve warm commendation for being determined to focus their lives on serving Jehovah. Youths do this by reaching out for spiritual goals and by giving the preaching work high priority. Moreover, they make up their mind not to be distracted by this world. Adolescents can be sure that their hard work is not in vain. They have the loving support of their brothers and sisters, and when they commit themselves to Jehovah, their plans in life will succeed. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>29 ¶17,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation2"> 19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p95" data-pid="95" class="p95"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eccl. 11:9)</strong></a> Rejoice, young man, while you are young, and let your heart be glad in the days of your youth. Follow the ways of your heart and go where your eyes lead you; but know that the true God will bring you into judgment* for all these things.</p><p></p><p>Or “call you to account.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eccl. 12:1)</strong></a> Remember, then, your Grand Creator in the days of your youth, before the days of distress* come and the years arrive when you will say: “I have no pleasure in them”;</p><p></p><p>Or “the calamitous days.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
