<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, May 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Wednesday, May 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp">[<em>Jehovah</em>] <em>well knows how we are formed, remembering that we are dust.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 103:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">The Bible provides many examples of the considerate way in which Jehovah deals with his servants. For instance, note the thoughtful way that God helped young Samuel to deliver a judgment message to High Priest Eli as recorded at <span id="citationsource2"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted20.xhtml#citation2">1 Samuel 3:1-18</a>. Jehovah’s Law commanded children to respect the aged, especially a chieftain. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ex. 22:28;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Lev. 19:32</a>) Can you imagine Samuel going up to Eli in the morning and boldly telling him God’s stinging judgment message? Of course not! Indeed, the account tells us that Samuel “was afraid to tell Eli of the vision.” However, God made clear to Eli that He was calling Samuel. As a result, Eli took charge of the situation and told Samuel to speak and not to hide “a single word.” Samuel obediently “told him everything,” and his words harmonized with an earlier message. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Sam. 2:27-36</a>) The account involving Samuel and Eli shows us how considerate and wise Jehovah is. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>23 ¶2;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation2"> 24 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 103:14)</strong></a> For he well knows how we are formed, Remembering that we are dust.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ex. 22:28)</strong></a> “You must not curse* God nor curse a chieftain* among your people.</p><p></p><p>Or “revile.”</p><p>Or “ruler.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Lev. 19:32)</strong></a> “‘Before gray hair you should rise up, and you must show honor to an older man, and you must be in fear of your God. I am Jehovah.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 2:27-36)</strong></a> A man of God came to Eʹli and said to him: “This is what Jehovah says: ‘Did I not plainly reveal myself to your father’s house while they were in Egypt as slaves to the house of Pharʹaoh? <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>And he was chosen out of all the tribes of Israel to serve as my priest and to go up on my altar to make sacrifices, to offer incense,* and to bear an ephʹod before me; and I gave to the house of your forefather all the offerings made by fire of the Israelites.* <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>Why do you men scorn* my sacrifice and my offering that I have commanded in my place of dwelling? Why do you keep honoring your sons more than me by fattening yourselves from the best portions of every offering of my people Israel? <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>“‘That is why the word of Jehovah the God of Israel is: “I did indeed say that your house and the house of your forefather would always walk before me.” But now Jehovah declares: “It is unthinkable, on my part, because those honoring me I will honor, but those despising me will be treated with contempt.” <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>Look! Days are coming when I will cut off your strength* and that of your father’s house, so that no man in your house will live to old age. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>And you will look upon a rival in my dwelling amid all the good that is done to Israel, and never again will there be an old man in your house. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>The man of yours whom I do not cut off from serving at my altar will cause your eyes to fail and will bring you grief,* but the greater number of your house will die by the sword of men. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>And what happens to your two sons, Hophʹni and Phinʹe·has, will be the sign for you: On one day both of them will die. <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>Then I will raise up for myself a faithful priest. He will act in harmony with what is my heart’s desire;* and I will build for him a lasting house, and he will walk before my anointed one always. <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>Anyone who remains in your house will come and bow down to him for the payment of money and a loaf of bread, and will say: “Assign me, please, to one of the priestly offices to eat a piece of bread.”’”</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “to make sacrificial smoke billow up.”</p><p>Lit., “sons of Israel.”</p><p>Lit., “kick at.”</p><p>Lit., “arm.”</p><p>Or “will cause your soul to pine away.”</p><p>Or “is in my heart and in my soul.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
