<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, May 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47">Saturday, May 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class="themeScrp"><em>The wicked will be no more.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 37:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">Instead, “the meek will possess the earth, and they will find exquisite delight in the abundance of peace.” David was also inspired to predict: “The righteous will possess the earth, and <em>they will live forever </em>on it.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 37:11,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 29;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 2 Sam. 23:2</a>) What effect do you think those assurances had on people who wanted to do God’s will? They would have a basis for expecting that if only righteous people were living on earth, in time a paradise like the garden of Eden would be restored. Over time, most Israelites claiming to serve Jehovah turned their backs on him and on true worship. So God let the Babylonians conquer his people, ruin their land, and carry many of them into exile. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Chron. 36:15-21;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Jer. 4:22-27</a>) Still, God’s prophets foretold that after 70 years, his people would return to their homeland. Those prophecies were fulfilled. But they also have meaning for us​—a coming paradise on earth. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>4 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:10)</strong></a> Just a little while longer, and the wicked will be no more; You will look at where they were, And they will not be there.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:11)</strong></a> But the meek will possess the earth, And they will find exquisite delight in the abundance of peace.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:29)</strong></a> The righteous will possess the earth, And they will live forever on it.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 23:2)</strong></a> The spirit of Jehovah spoke through me; His word was on my tongue.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Chron. 36:15-21)</strong></a> Jehovah the God of their forefathers kept warning them by means of his messengers, warning them again and again, because he felt compassion for his people and for his dwelling place. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>But they kept ridiculing the messengers of the true God, and they despised his words and mocked his prophets, until the rage of Jehovah came up against his people, until they were beyond healing. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>So he brought against them the king of the Chal·deʹans, who killed their young men with the sword in the house of their sanctuary; he felt no compassion for young man or virgin, old or infirm. God gave everything into his hand. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>All the utensils of the house of the true God, great and small, as well as the treasures of the house of Jehovah and the treasures of the king and his princes, everything he brought to Babylon. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>He burned down the house of the true God, tore down the wall of Jerusalem, burned all its fortified towers with fire, and destroyed everything of value. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>He carried off captive to Babylon those who escaped the sword, and they became servants to him and his sons until the kingdom* of Persia began to reign, <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>to fulfill Jehovah’s word spoken by Jeremiah, until the land had paid off its sabbaths. All the days it lay desolate it kept sabbath, to fulfill 70 years.</p><p></p><p>Or “royalty.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Jer. 4:22-27)</strong></a> “For my people are foolish; They take no note of me. They are stupid sons, with no understanding. They are clever* enough when it comes to doing bad, But they do not know how to do good.” <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>I saw the land, and look! it was empty and desolate. I looked at the heavens, and their light was no more. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>I saw the mountains, and look! they were quaking, And the hills were shaking. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>I saw, and look! there was no man, And the birds of the heavens had all fled. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>I saw, and look! the orchard had become a wilderness, And its cities had all been torn down. It was because of Jehovah, Because of his burning anger. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>For this is what Jehovah says: “The whole land will become desolate, But I will not carry out a complete extermination.</p><p></p><p>Or “wise.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
