<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, May 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Tuesday, May 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class="themeScrp"><em>The naive person believes every word, but the shrewd one ponders each step.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 14:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">As true Christians, we need to develop the ability to evaluate information and reach accurate conclusions. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 3:21-23;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 8:4, 5</a>) If we do not cultivate this ability, we will be far more vulnerable to the efforts of Satan and his world to distort our thinking. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Eph. 5:6;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Col. 2:8</a>) Of course, only if we have the facts can we reach right conclusions. Today, people are bombarded with information. Internet websites, television, and other mass media present a seemingly unending array of ideas. Many people are also flooded with e-mails, text messages, and reports from well-meaning friends and acquaintances. Since the deliberate spreading of wrong information and the distorting of facts are common, we have good reason to be cautious and to evaluate carefully what we hear. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>3 ¶1,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation2"> 3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 14:15)</strong></a> The naive* person believes every word, But the shrewd one ponders each step.</p><p></p><p>Or “inexperienced.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 3:21-23)</strong></a> My son, do not lose sight of them.* Safeguard practical wisdom and thinking ability; <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>They will give you* life And be an adornment for your neck; <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>Then you will walk on your way in safety, And your foot will never stumble.*</p><p></p><p>Evidently referring to God’s qualities mentioned in the previous verses.</p><p>Or “your soul.”</p><p>Or “strike against anything.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 8:4, 5)</strong></a> “To you, O people, I am calling; I raise my voice to everyone.*  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>You inexperienced ones, learn shrewdness; You stupid ones, acquire an understanding heart.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “to the sons of men.”</p><p>Lit., “understand heart.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:6)</strong></a> Let no man deceive you with empty words, for because of such things the wrath of God is coming upon the sons of disobedience.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Col. 2:8)</strong></a> Look out that no one takes you captive* by means of the philosophy and empty deception according to human tradition, according to the elementary things of the world and not according to Christ;</p><p></p><p>Or “carries you off as his prey.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
