<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, May 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Saturday, May 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp"><em>O that in the Grave you would conceal me, . . . that you would set a time limit for me and remember me.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Job 14:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">Back in Bible times, some of God’s faithful servants were so overwhelmed by their circumstances that they felt that they wanted to die. For example, pain-ridden Job lamented: “I loathe my life; I do not want to go on living.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Job 7:16</a>) Jonah was so disappointed with the way things had turned out in his assignment that he said: “Now, O Jehovah, please take away my life, for it is better for me to die than to live.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Jonah 4:3</a>) Also, at one point the faithful prophet Elijah felt so affected by his situation that he asked that he might die. He said: “It is enough! Now, O Jehovah, take my life away.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Ki. 19:4</a>) However, Jehovah valued those devoted servants and wanted them to live. Instead of condemning how they felt, he helped them to overcome their desire to die and built them up in love so that they could continue serving him faithfully. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>13 ¶4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Job 14:13)</strong></a> O that in the Grave* you would conceal me, That you would hide me until your anger passes by, That you would set a time limit for me and remember me!</p><p></p><p>Or “Sheol,” that is, the common grave of mankind. See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Job 7:16)</strong></a> I loathe my life; I do not want to go on living. Leave me alone, for my days are like a breath.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jonah 4:3)</strong></a> Now, O Jehovah, please take away my life,* for it is better for me to die than to live.”</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 19:4)</strong></a> He went a day’s journey into the wilderness and came and sat down under a broom tree, and he asked that he* might die. He said: “It is enough! Now, O Jehovah, take my life* away, for I am no better than my forefathers.”</p><p></p><p>Or “his soul.”</p><p>Or “soul.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
