<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, May 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Saturday, May 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>Welcome one another, just as the Christ also welcomed you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 15:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">It is good to remember that at one time we were all “strangers,” or foreigners, not close to God. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 2:12</a>) But Jehovah drew us to him “with the cords of love.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Hos. 11:4;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> John 6:44</a>) And Christ welcomed us. He opened the door, as it were, so that we could become part of God’s family. Since Jesus has kindly accepted us, as imperfect as we are, it should be unthinkable for us to reject anyone else! Divisions, prejudice, and hostility will doubtless increase in the world as we approach the end of this wicked system. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Gal. 5:19-21;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 2 Tim. 3:13</a>) As servants of Jehovah, though, we seek the wisdom from above, which is impartial and promotes peace. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Jas. 3:17, 18</a>) We rejoice as we forge friendships with people from other lands, accepting cultural differences and possibly even learning the languages of others. When we do this, peace flows just like a river, and justice like the waves of the sea.​—<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Isa. 48:17, 18</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>12 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 15:7)</strong></a> So welcome one another, just as the Christ also welcomed you, with glory to God in view.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 2:12)</strong></a> At that time you were without Christ, alienated from the state of Israel, strangers to the covenants of the promise; you had no hope and were without God in the world.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Hos. 11:4)</strong></a> With the ropes of men* I kept drawing them, with the cords of love; And I was to them like one lifting a yoke from their jaws, And I gently brought food to each one.</p><p></p><p>Or “the ropes of kindness,” like those of a parent.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 6:44)</strong></a> No man can come to me unless the Father, who sent me, draws him, and I will resurrect him on the last day.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Gal. 5:19-21)</strong></a> Now the works of the flesh are plainly seen, and they are sexual immorality,* uncleanness, brazen conduct,* <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>idolatry, spiritism,* hostility, strife, jealousy, fits of anger, dissensions, divisions, sects, <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>envy, drunkenness, wild parties,* and things like these. I am forewarning you about these things, the same way I already warned you, that those who practice such things will not inherit God’s Kingdom.</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>por·neiʹa. </em>See Glossary.</p><p>Or “shameless conduct.” Greek, <em>a·selʹgei·a. </em>See Glossary.</p><p>Or “sorcery; druggery.”</p><p>Or “revelries.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:13)</strong></a> But wicked men and impostors will advance from bad to worse, misleading and being misled.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Jas. 3:17, 18)</strong></a> But the wisdom from above is first of all pure, then peaceable, reasonable, ready to obey, full of mercy and good fruits, impartial, not hypocritical. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>Moreover, the fruit of righteousness is sown in peaceful conditions for* those who are making peace.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “by.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Isa. 48:17, 18)</strong></a> This is what Jehovah says, your Repurchaser, the Holy One of Israel: “I, Jehovah, am your God, The One teaching you to benefit yourself,* The One guiding you in the way you should walk. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>If only you would pay attention to my commandments! Then your peace would become just like a river And your righteousness like the waves of the sea.</p><p></p><p>Or “for your own good.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
