<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, May 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Monday, May 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class="themeScrp"><em>Seek Jehovah, all you meek ones of the earth . . . Seek meekness.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Zeph. 2:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">The Bible describes Moses as being “by far the meekest of all the men on the face of the earth.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Num. 12:3</a>) Does this mean that he was weak, indecisive, and afraid of confrontations? That is how some might describe a meek person. But such an idea is far from the truth. Moses was a strong, decisive, and courageous servant of God. With Jehovah’s help, he confronted the mighty ruler of Egypt, led perhaps 3,000,000 people through a desert, and helped the nation of Israel conquer their enemies. We do not face the challenges that Moses overcame, but each day we must deal with people or situations that make it difficult to be meek. However, we have a powerful incentive to develop this quality. Jehovah promises that “the meek will possess the earth.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 37:11</a>) Would you describe yourself as being meek? Would others describe you that way? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>8 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Zeph. 2:3)</strong></a> Seek Jehovah, all you meek ones* of the earth, Who observe his righteous decrees.* Seek righteousness, seek meekness.* Probably* you will be concealed on the day of Jehovah’s anger.</p><p></p><p>Or “humble ones.”</p><p>Lit., “his judgment.”</p><p>Or “humility.”</p><p>Or “It may be that.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Num. 12:3)</strong></a> Now the man Moses was by far the meekest of all the men* on the face of the earth.</p><p></p><p>Or “was very humble (mild-tempered), more so than any other man.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:11)</strong></a> But the meek will possess the earth, And they will find exquisite delight in the abundance of peace.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
