<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, May 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71"><span id="page55" class="pageNum" data-no="55" data-before-text="55"></span>Sunday, May 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class="themeScrp"><em>We are God’s fellow workers.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 3:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">God’s fellow workers are noted for practicing hospitality. In the Christian Greek Scriptures, the term translated “hospitality” means “kindness to strangers.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 13:2</a>; ftn.) God’s Word recounts events that teach us to show such love. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 18:1-5</a>) We can and should seize opportunities to help others regularly, whether they are “related to us in the faith” or not. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gal. 6:10</a>) Can you work with God by showing hospitality to visiting full-time servants? (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">3 John 5,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 8</a>) Such occasions often provide an opportunity for “an interchange of encouragement.” (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Rom. 1:11, 12</a>) God’s Word encourages men in the congregation to work with Jehovah by reaching out for privileges of service and oversight. (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">1 Tim. 3:1,</a><span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9"> 8, 9;</a><span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10"> 1 Pet. 5:2, 3</a>) Those who do so want to assist others in both practical and spiritual matters. (<span id="citationsource11"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation11">Acts 6:1-4</a>) And those who care for necessary congregation duties will tell you that it is most enjoyable to assist others. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>24 ¶6-7;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation2"> 25 ¶10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 3:9)</strong></a> For we are God’s fellow workers. You are God’s field under cultivation, God’s building.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:2)</strong></a> Do not forget hospitality,* for through it some unknowingly entertained angels.</p><p></p><p>Or “kindness to strangers.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 18:1-5)</strong></a> Afterward, Jehovah appeared to him among the big trees of Mamʹre while he was sitting at the entrance of the tent during the hottest part of the day. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>He looked up and saw three men standing some distance from him. When he saw them, he ran from the entrance of the tent to meet them, and he bowed down to the ground. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Then he said: “Jehovah, if I have found favor in your eyes, please do not pass by your servant. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Please, let a little water be brought and have your feet washed; then recline under the tree. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>Seeing that you have come here to your servant, let me bring a piece of bread so that you may refresh yourselves.* Then you may go on your way.” At this they said: “All right. You may do as you have spoken.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “strengthen your heart.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:10)</strong></a> So, then, as long as we have the opportunity,* let us work what is good toward all, but especially toward those related to us in the faith.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “appointed time.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(3 John 5)</strong></a> Beloved one, you show your faithfulness in what you do for the brothers, even though they are strangers to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(3 John 8)</strong></a> So we are under obligation to show hospitality to such ones, so that we may become fellow workers in the truth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:11, 12)</strong></a> For I am longing to see you, that I may impart some spiritual gift to you for you to be made firm; <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>or, rather, that we may have an interchange of encouragement by one another’s faith, both yours and mine.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 3:1)</strong></a> This statement is trustworthy: If a man is reaching out to be an overseer, he is desirous of a fine work.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 3:8, 9)</strong></a> Ministerial servants should likewise be serious, not double-tongued,* not indulging in a lot of wine, not greedy of dishonest gain, <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>holding the sacred secret of the faith with a clean conscience.</p><p></p><p>Or “not deceitful in speech.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:2, 3)</strong></a> Shepherd the flock of God under your care, serving as overseers,* not under compulsion, but willingly before God; not for love of dishonest gain, but eagerly; <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>not lording it over those who are God’s inheritance, but becoming examples to the flock.</p><p></p><p>Or “carefully watching over it.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation11"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource11">^ <strong>(Acts 6:1-4)</strong></a> Now in those days when the disciples were increasing, the Greek-speaking Jews began complaining against the Hebrew-speaking Jews, because their widows were being overlooked in the daily distribution. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>So the Twelve called the multitude of the disciples together and said: “It is not right for us to leave the word of God to distribute food to tables. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>So, brothers, select for yourselves seven reputable men from among you, full of spirit and wisdom, that we may appoint them over this necessary matter; <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>but we will devote ourselves to prayer and to the ministry of the word.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
