<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, May 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020004"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62"><span id="page54" class="pageNum" data-no="54" data-before-text="54"></span>Thursday, May 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>O Jehovah, who may be a guest in your tent? . . . The one who is . . . speaking the truth in his heart.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 15:1, 2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">Spreading lies has become commonplace in today’s society. As stated in the article “Why We Lie” by Y. Bhattacharjee, “lying has come to be recognized as a deeply ingrained human trait.” People often resort to lying either to protect themselves or to promote themselves. They lie to cover up their mistakes and misdeeds or to gain economic and personal advantages. As the article states, there are people who “lie with ease, in ways big and small, to strangers, co-workers, friends, and loved ones.” What is the result of all this lying? Trust is lost and relationships can be ruined. The psalmist David prayed to Jehovah: “You find pleasure in truth in the inner person.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 51:6</a>) David knew that our being truthful comes from the inside, from our heart. In every aspect of life, true Christians “speak the truth with one another.”​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Zech. 8:16</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.10 </em>7 ¶4;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation2"> 8 ¶9-10;</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102020004-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation3"> 10 ¶19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 15:1, 2)</strong></a> O Jehovah, who may be a guest in your tent? Who may reside in your holy mountain?  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>The one who is walking faultlessly,* Practicing what is right And speaking the truth in his heart.</p><p></p><p>Or “with integrity.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 51:6)</strong></a> Look! You find pleasure in truth in the inner person; Teach my innermost self* true wisdom.</p><p></p><p>Or “my secret self.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Zech. 8:16)</strong></a> “‘These are the things you should do: Speak the truth with one another, and the judgments in your gates must promote truth and peace.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
