<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, June 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68"><span id="page65" class="pageNum" data-no="65" data-before-text="65"></span>Tuesday, June 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp"><em>Do not be misled. Bad associations spoil useful habits.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 15:33</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">Most people have some good qualities, and many outside the congregation do not engage in blatant misconduct. If that is true of your acquaintances, can you assume that they are good associations? Ask yourself what effect their companionship will have on your relationship with Jehovah. Will they improve it? What is in their heart? For example, are their conversations almost exclusively about fashion, money, gadgets, entertainment, or other material pursuits? Does their speech often include disparaging comments about others or obscene jesting? Jesus aptly warned: “Out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaks.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 12:34</a>) If you realize that your associates pose a threat to your good standing with Jehovah, act decisively by limiting and if necessary ending such friendships.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 13:20</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>19 ¶11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:33)</strong></a> Do not be misled. Bad associations spoil useful habits.*</p><p></p><p>Or “corrupt good morals.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 12:34)</strong></a> Offspring of vipers, how can you speak good things when you are wicked? For out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaks.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 13:20)</strong></a> The one walking with the wise will become wise, But the one who has dealings with the stupid will fare badly.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
