<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, June 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32"><span id="page61" class="pageNum" data-no="61" data-before-text="61"></span>Thursday, June 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class="themeScrp"><em>There is no wisdom . . . in opposition to Jehovah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 21:30</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">Bad advice has its roots very early in human history when Satan entered the scene. A presumptuous, self-appointed adviser, he told Eve that she and her husband would be happier if they chose their own course in life. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 3:1-6</a>) Satan’s motives were selfish. He wanted Adam and Eve​—and their future offspring—​to submit to and worship <em>him </em>rather than worship Jehovah. But it was Jehovah who had given them everything they had​—each other, their beautiful garden home, and their perfect bodies with the potential of living forever. Sadly, Adam and Eve disobeyed God, cutting themselves off from him. The results, as you know, were tragic. Like flowers cut from a plant, they slowly began to wither and die. Their children also suffered from the curse of sin. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 5:12</a>) Even so, most people still choose not to submit to God. They want to live life their own way. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Eph. 2:1-3</a>) The results clearly show the truthfulness of today’s text. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>20 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 21:30)</strong></a> There is no wisdom, nor discernment, nor counsel in opposition to Jehovah.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:1-6)</strong></a> Now the serpent was the most cautious* of all the wild animals of the field that Jehovah God had made. So it said to the woman: “Did God really say that you must not eat from every tree of the garden?” <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>At this the woman said to the serpent: “We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>But God has said about the fruit of the tree that is in the middle of the garden: ‘You must not eat from it, no, you must not touch it; otherwise you will die.’” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>At this the serpent said to the woman: “You certainly will not die. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>For God knows that in the very day you eat from it, your eyes will be opened and you will be like God, knowing good and bad.” <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>Consequently, the woman saw that the tree was good for food and that it was something desirable to the eyes, yes, the tree was pleasing to look at. So she began taking of its fruit and eating it. Afterward, she also gave some to her husband when he was with her, and he began eating it.</p><p></p><p>Or “shrewdest; craftiest.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 5:12)</strong></a> That is why, just as through one man sin entered into the world and death through sin, and so death spread to all men because they had all sinned—.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Eph. 2:1-3)</strong></a> Furthermore, God made you alive, though you were dead in your trespasses and sins, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>in which you at one time walked according to the system of things* of this world, according to the ruler of the authority of the air, the spirit that is now at work in the sons of disobedience. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Yes, among them we all at one time conducted ourselves in harmony with the desires of our flesh, carrying out the will of the flesh and of our thoughts, and we were naturally children of wrath just as the rest.</p><p></p><p>Or “the course.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
