<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, June 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86"><span id="page67" class="pageNum" data-no="67" data-before-text="67"></span>Monday, June 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="themeScrp"><em>These are the ones who . . . bear fruit with endurance.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 8:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">If you have ever felt discouraged when preaching in less responsive territories, you will relate to the apostle Paul. During his approximately 30-year-long ministry, he helped numerous individuals to become disciples of Christ. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 14:21;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 2 Cor. 3:2, 3</a>) Still, he did not succeed in moving many Jews to become true worshippers. On the contrary, most rebuffed Paul, and some even persecuted him. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 14:19;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 17:1,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 4, 5,</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 13</a>) How did that adverse reaction from the Jews affect Paul? He freely admitted: “I am telling the truth in Christ . . . I have great grief and unceasing pain in my heart.” (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Rom. 9:1-3</a>) Why did Paul experience such feelings? His heart was in the preaching work. He preached to the Jews out of deep concern for them. So it pained Paul to see them reject God’s mercy. Like Paul, we preach to people out of heartfelt concern.​—<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">Matt. 22:39;</a><span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10"> 1 Cor. 11:1</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>13 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 8:15)</strong></a> As for that on the fine soil, these are the ones who, after hearing the word with a fine and good heart, retain it and bear fruit with endurance.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 14:21)</strong></a> After declaring the good news to that city and making quite a few disciples, they returned to Lysʹtra, I·coʹni·um, and Antioch.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 3:2, 3)</strong></a> You yourselves are our letter, inscribed on our hearts and known and being read by all mankind. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>For you are shown to be a letter of Christ written by us as ministers, inscribed not with ink but with the spirit of a living God, not on stone tablets but on fleshly tablets, on hearts.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 14:19)</strong></a> But Jews arrived from Antioch and I·coʹni·um and persuaded the crowds, and they stoned Paul and dragged him outside the city, imagining that he was dead.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 17:1)</strong></a> They now traveled through Am·phipʹo·lis and Ap·ol·loʹni·a and came to Thes·sa·lo·niʹca, where there was a synagogue of the Jews.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Acts 17:4, 5)</strong></a> As a result, some of them became believers and associated themselves with Paul and Silas, and so did a great multitude of the Greeks who worshipped God, along with quite a few of the principal women. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>But the Jews, getting jealous, gathered together some wicked men who were loitering at the marketplace and formed a mob and proceeded to throw the city into an uproar. They assaulted the house of Jaʹson and were seeking to have Paul and Silas brought out to the mob.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Acts 17:13)</strong></a> But when the Jews from Thes·sa·lo·niʹca learned that the word of God was also being proclaimed by Paul in Be·roeʹa, they came there to incite and agitate the crowds.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Rom. 9:1-3)</strong></a> I am telling the truth in Christ; I am not lying, as my conscience bears witness with me in holy spirit, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>that I have great grief and unceasing pain in my heart. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>For I could wish that I myself were separated from the Christ as the cursed one for the sake of my brothers, my relatives according to the flesh,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Matt. 22:39)</strong></a> The second, like it, is this: ‘You must love your neighbor as yourself.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 11:1)</strong></a> Become imitators of me, just as I am of Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
