<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, June 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Sunday, June 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class="themeScrp"><em>The serpent said to the woman: “You certainly will not die.”​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 3:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">Adam no doubt knew that serpents cannot talk. So he may have surmised that a spirit creature had spoken with Eve through the serpent. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 3:1-6</a>) Adam and Eve knew virtually nothing about this spirit. Even so, Adam made a conscious choice to turn his back on his loving heavenly Father and join this stranger in resisting God’s will. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Tim. 2:14</a>) Immediately, Jehovah began to reveal information about this enemy who had corrupted Adam and Eve, promising that this wicked one would eventually be destroyed. But Jehovah also warned that for a time, the spirit creature who spoke through the serpent would have the power to oppose those who love God. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gen. 3:15</a>) In his wisdom, Jehovah has never told us the personal name of the angelic son who rebelled against him. And God chose not to reveal even the descriptive name of that enemy until some 2,500 years after the initial rebellion.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Job 1:6</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>22 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:4)</strong></a> At this the serpent said to the woman: “You certainly will not die.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:1-6)</strong></a> Now the serpent was the most cautious* of all the wild animals of the field that Jehovah God had made. So it said to the woman: “Did God really say that you must not eat from every tree of the garden?” <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>At this the woman said to the serpent: “We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>But God has said about the fruit of the tree that is in the middle of the garden: ‘You must not eat from it, no, you must not touch it; otherwise you will die.’” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>At this the serpent said to the woman: “You certainly will not die. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>For God knows that in the very day you eat from it, your eyes will be opened and you will be like God, knowing good and bad.” <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>Consequently, the woman saw that the tree was good for food and that it was something desirable to the eyes, yes, the tree was pleasing to look at. So she began taking of its fruit and eating it. Afterward, she also gave some to her husband when he was with her, and he began eating it.</p><p></p><p>Or “shrewdest; craftiest.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 2:14)</strong></a> Also, Adam was not deceived, but the woman was thoroughly deceived and became a transgressor.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:15)</strong></a> And I will put enmity* between you and the woman and between your offspring* and her offspring.* He will crush* your head, and you will strike* him in the heel.”</p><p></p><p>Or “hostility.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Or “bruise; strike.”</p><p>Or “bruise; crush.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Job 1:6)</strong></a> Now the day came when the sons of the true God* entered to take their station before Jehovah, and Satan also entered among them.</p><p></p><p>A Hebrew idiom that refers to angelic sons of God.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
