<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, June 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Saturday, June 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>Accept . . . the sword of the spirit, that is, God’s word.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 6:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">The sword used by Roman infantrymen at the time Paul wrote his letter was about 20 inches (50 cm) long and was designed for hand-to-hand combat. One reason that Roman soldiers were so effective is that they practiced with their weapons every day. Paul likens God’s Word to a sword that Jehovah has given us. But we must learn to use it skillfully when defending our beliefs​—or when adjusting our own thinking. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 10:4, 5;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 2 Tim. 2:15</a>) There is no need to feel intimidated by Satan and the demons. They are formidable but not unbeatable. And they are mortal. Soon, during the Thousand Year Reign of Christ, they will be confined to a state of complete inactivity, after which they will be destroyed. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rev. 20:1-3,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 7-10</a>) We know our enemy, his tactics, and his intentions. With Jehovah’s help, we can stand firm against him! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>30 ¶15;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation2"> 31 ¶19-21</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:17)</strong></a> Also, accept the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the spirit, that is, God’s word,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 10:4, 5)</strong></a> For the weapons of our warfare are not fleshly, but powerful by God for overturning strongly entrenched things. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>For we are overturning reasonings and every lofty thing raised up against the knowledge of God, and we are bringing every thought into captivity to make it obedient to the Christ;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 2:15)</strong></a> Do your utmost to present yourself approved to God, a workman with nothing to be ashamed of, handling the word of the truth aright.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rev. 20:1-3)</strong></a> And I saw an angel coming down out of heaven with the key of the abyss and a great chain in his hand. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>He seized the dragon, the original serpent, who is the Devil and Satan, and bound him for 1,000 years. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>And he hurled him into the abyss and shut it and sealed it over him, so that he would not mislead the nations anymore until the 1,000 years were ended. After this he must be released for a little while.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rev. 20:7-10)</strong></a> Now as soon as the 1,000 years have ended, Satan will be released from his prison, <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>and he will go out to mislead those nations in the four corners of the earth, Gog and Maʹgog, to gather them together for the war. The number of these is as the sand of the sea. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>And they advanced over the whole earth and encircled the camp of the holy ones and the beloved city. But fire came down out of heaven and consumed them. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>And the Devil who was misleading them was hurled into the lake of fire and sulfur, where both the wild beast and the false prophet already were; and they will be tormented* day and night forever and ever.</p><p></p><p>Or “restrained; imprisoned.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
