<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, June 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Thursday, June 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class="themeScrp"><em>The one listening to me will dwell in security.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 1:33</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">Jehovah is a loving shepherd who tenderly embraces his people, protecting them from their enemies. How reassuring these truths are to us as we face the end of the present system of things! Jehovah will continue to care for his people during the fast-approaching great tribulation. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rev. 7:9, 10</a>) Hence, whether young or old, sound in body or disabled, God’s people will not panic or cower in fear during the tribulation. In fact, they will do the very opposite! They will bear in mind these words of Jesus Christ: “Stand up straight and lift up your heads, because your deliverance is getting near.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 21:28</a>) They will maintain that confidence even in the face of the attack by Gog​—a coalition of powerful nations. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ezek. 38:2,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 14-16</a>) Why will God’s people remain confident? They know that Jehovah does not change. He will always prove to be a caring and considerate Savior.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Isa. 26:20</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>26 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 1:33)</strong></a> But the one listening to me will dwell in security And be undisturbed by the dread of calamity.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:9, 10)</strong></a> After this I saw, and look! a great crowd, which no man was able to number, out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues,* standing before the throne and before the Lamb, dressed in white robes; and there were palm branches in their hands. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>And they keep shouting with a loud voice, saying: “Salvation we owe to our God, who is seated on the throne, and to the Lamb.”</p><p></p><p>Or “languages.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 21:28)</strong></a> But as these things start to occur, stand up straight and lift up your heads, because your deliverance is getting near.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ezek. 38:2)</strong></a> “Son of man, set your face against Gog of the land of Maʹgog, the head chieftain* of Meʹshech and Tuʹbal, and prophesy against him.</p><p></p><p>Or “chief prince.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ezek. 38:14-16)</strong></a> “So prophesy, son of man, and say to Gog, ‘This is what the Sovereign Lord Jehovah says: “On that day when my people Israel are dwelling in security, will you not know it? <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>You will come from your place, from the remotest parts of the north, you and many peoples with you, all of them riding on horses, a great assembly, a vast army. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>Like clouds covering the land, you will come against my people Israel. In the final part of the days I will bring you against my land so that the nations may know me when I sanctify myself through you before their eyes, O Gog.”’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Isa. 26:20)</strong></a> Go, my people, enter your inner rooms, And shut your doors behind you. Hide yourself for a brief moment Until the wrath* has passed by.</p><p></p><p>Or “denunciation.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
