<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, June 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Sunday, June 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class="themeScrp"><em>Let, not my will, but yours take place.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 22:42</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">In the weeks leading up to the Memorial, our meetings often focus on the example of Jesus and the humility he showed in giving his life as a ransom. We are moved to imitate his humble attitude and to do Jehovah’s will, even when it is difficult for us. We think about the courage he showed on the days before his death. He was fully aware that his enemies would soon humiliate, beat, and execute him. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 20:17-19</a>) Still, he willingly faced death. When the time came, he said to his faithful apostles, who were with him in Gethsemane: “Get up, let us go. Look! My betrayer has drawn near.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 26:36,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 46</a>) And when the armed mob came to arrest him, he stepped forward, identified himself, and ordered the soldiers to let his apostles go. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">John 18:3-8</a>) What outstanding courage Jesus displayed! Today, anointed Christians and those of the other sheep strive to imitate Jesus in showing courage. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>27-28 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 22:42)</strong></a> saying: “Father, if you want to, remove this cup from me. Nevertheless, let, not my will, but yours take place.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 20:17-19)</strong></a> While going up to Jerusalem, Jesus took the 12 disciples aside privately and said to them on the road: <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>“Look! We are going up to Jerusalem, and the Son of man will be handed over to the chief priests and the scribes. They will condemn him to death <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>and hand him over to men of the nations to be mocked and scourged and executed on a stake; and on the third day he will be raised up.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:36)</strong></a> Then Jesus came with them to the spot called Geth·semʹa·ne, and he said to the disciples: “Sit down here while I go over there and pray.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:46)</strong></a> Get up, let us go. Look! My betrayer has drawn near.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 18:3-8)</strong></a> So Judas brought the detachment of soldiers and officers of the chief priests and of the Pharisees and came there with torches and lamps and weapons. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Then Jesus, knowing all the things that were going to happen to him, stepped forward and said to them: “Whom are you looking for?” <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>They answered him: “Jesus the Naz·a·reneʹ.” He said to them: “I am he.” Now Judas, his betrayer, was also standing with them. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>However, when Jesus said to them, “I am he,” they drew back and fell to the ground. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>So he asked them again: “Whom are you looking for?” They said: “Jesus the Naz·a·reneʹ.” <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Jesus answered: “I told you that I am he. So if you are looking for me, let these men go.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
