<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, June 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23"><span id="page60" class="pageNum" data-no="60" data-before-text="60"></span>Monday, June 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class="themeScrp"><em>Seek meekness.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Zeph. 2:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">Just as an artist combines a number of appealing colors to produce a painting, we must combine a number of appealing qualities to be meek. Prominent among those qualities are humility, submissiveness, mildness, and inner strength. Only humble people will submit to God’s will. Part of God’s will is that we be mild. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 5:5;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Gal. 5:23</a>) When we do God’s will, we make Satan furious. So even though we are humble and mild, many people who are part of Satan’s world hate us. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">John 15:18, 19</a>) As a result, we need inner strength to resist Satan. The opposite of a meek person is someone who is haughty, shows uncontrolled anger, and does not obey Jehovah. That describes Satan perfectly. No wonder he hates meek people! They expose the flaws in his personality. And even worse for Satan, they prove that he is a liar. Why? Because no matter what he says or does, he cannot stop meek people from serving Jehovah!​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Job 2:3-5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>8-9 ¶3-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Zeph. 2:3)</strong></a> Seek Jehovah, all you meek ones* of the earth, Who observe his righteous decrees.* Seek righteousness, seek meekness.* Probably* you will be concealed on the day of Jehovah’s anger.</p><p></p><p>Or “humble ones.”</p><p>Lit., “his judgment.”</p><p>Or “humility.”</p><p>Or “It may be that.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:5)</strong></a> “Happy are the mild-tempered, since they will inherit the earth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gal. 5:23)</strong></a> mildness, self-control. Against such things there is no law.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 15:18, 19)</strong></a> If the world hates you, you know that it has hated me before it hated you. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>If you were part of the world, the world would be fond of what is its own. Now because you are no part of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, for this reason the world hates you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Job 2:3-5)</strong></a> And Jehovah said to Satan: “Have you taken note of* my servant Job? There is no one like him on the earth. He is an upright man of integrity,* fearing God and shunning what is bad. He is still holding firmly to his integrity, even though you try to incite me against him to destroy* him for no reason.” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>But Satan answered Jehovah: “Skin for skin. A man will give everything that he has for his life.* <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>But, for a change, stretch out your hand and strike his bone and flesh, and he will surely curse you to your very face.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “set your heart upon.”</p><p>Or “a blameless and upright man.”</p><p>Lit., “swallow.”</p><p>Or “soul.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
