<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, June 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Wednesday, June 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class="themeScrp"><em>A voice came out of the heavens: “You are my Son, the beloved; I have approved you.”​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Mark 1:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31"><span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Mark 1:9-11</a> records the first of three occasions when Jehovah spoke from heaven. Jehovah said: “You are my Son, the beloved; I have approved you.” How it must have touched Jesus’ heart to hear his Father’s voice expressing love and reassurance to him! Jehovah’s words confirmed three important facts about Jesus. First, Jesus is his Son. Second, Jehovah loves his Son. And third, Jehovah has approved his Son. By saying “You are my Son,” Jehovah indicated that his beloved Son, Jesus, had entered into a new relationship with Him. While Jesus was in heaven, he was a spirit son of God. However, at his baptism, he was anointed by holy spirit. At that time, God indicated that Jesus as His anointed Son now had the hope of returning to heaven to become God’s appointed King and High Priest. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 1:31-33;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Heb. 1:8, 9;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 2:17</a>) So at Jesus’ baptism, his Father had good reason to say: “You are my Son.”​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Luke 3:22</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.03 </em>8 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Mark 1:11)</strong></a> And a voice came out of the heavens: “You are my Son, the beloved; I have approved you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Mark 1:9-11)</strong></a> In the course of those days, Jesus came from Nazʹa·reth of Galʹi·lee and was baptized in the Jordan by John. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>And immediately on coming up out of the water, he saw the heavens being parted and, like a dove, the spirit coming down upon him. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>And a voice came out of the heavens: “You are my Son, the beloved; I have approved you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 1:31-33)</strong></a> And look! you will become pregnant* and give birth to a son, and you are to name him Jesus. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>This one will be great and will be called Son of the Most High, and Jehovah God will give him the throne of David his father, <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>and he will rule as King over the house of Jacob forever, and there will be no end to his Kingdom.”</p><p></p><p>Or “will conceive in your womb.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 1:8, 9)</strong></a> But about the Son, he says: “God is your throne forever and ever, and the scepter of your Kingdom is the scepter of uprightness.* <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>You loved righteousness, and you hated lawlessness. That is why God, your God, anointed you with the oil of exultation more than your companions.”</p><p></p><p>Or “justice.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Heb. 2:17)</strong></a> Consequently, he had to become like his “brothers” in all respects, so that he could become a merciful and faithful high priest in things relating to God, in order to offer a propitiatory sacrifice* for the sins of the people.</p><p></p><p>Or “to offer an atoning sacrifice; to make atonement.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Luke 3:22)</strong></a> and the holy spirit in bodily form like a dove came down upon him, and a voice came out of heaven: “You are my Son, the beloved; I have approved you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
