<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, June 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page57" class="pageNum" data-no="57" data-before-text="57"></span><strong>June</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Monday, June 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp"><em>No matter what you ask the Father in my name, he </em>[<em>will</em>] <em>give it to you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 15:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">How strengthening this promise must have been for the apostles! Though they did not clearly grasp it, their Leader’s life on earth would soon end, but they would not be left without support. Jehovah was ready to answer their prayers for any help they needed to carry out the command to preach the Kingdom message. And indeed, shortly thereafter, they experienced how Jehovah answered their prayers for help. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 4:29,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 31</a>) The same is true today. As we endure in bearing fruit, we enjoy Jesus’ friendship. Furthermore, we can be sure that Jehovah is ready to answer our prayers for help in overcoming obstacles that we may encounter as we preach the Kingdom good news. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Phil. 4:13</a>) How grateful we are to be blessed with answered prayers and friendship with Jesus! These gifts from Jehovah strengthen us to keep on bearing fruit.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Jas. 1:17</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>21 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 15:16)</strong></a> You did not choose me, but I chose you, and I appointed you to go and keep bearing fruit and that your fruit should remain, so that no matter what you ask the Father in my name, he may give it to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 4:29)</strong></a> And now, Jehovah, give attention to their threats, and grant to your slaves to keep speaking your word with all boldness,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 4:31)</strong></a> And when they had made supplication, the place where they were gathered together was shaken, and they were one and all filled with the holy spirit and were speaking the word of God with boldness.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:13)</strong></a> For all things I have the strength through the one who gives me power.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:17)</strong></a> Every good gift and every perfect present is from above, coming down from the Father of the celestial lights, who does not vary or change like the shifting shadows.*</p><p></p><p>Or “with whom there is not a variation of the turning of the shadow.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
