<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, June 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89">Tuesday, June 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class="themeScrp"><em>Anxiety in a man’s heart weighs it down, but a good word cheers it up.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 12:25</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">Paul showed that even one who has the responsibility of encouraging others needs to be built up himself. To Christians living in Rome, he wrote: “I am longing to see you, that I may impart some spiritual gift to you for you to be made firm; or, rather, that we may have an interchange of encouragement by one another’s faith, both yours and mine.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 1:11, 12</a>) Yes, Paul, who gave outstanding encouragement to others, at times needed to be built up himself. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 15:30-32</a>) Those who live a life of self-sacrifice should be commended. Brothers and sisters who remain single because they want to obey the admonition to marry “only in the Lord” make up another group that merits encouragement. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 7:39</a>) Also, Christians who remain faithful through persecution or illness need to hear encouragement.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Thess. 1:3-5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>21 ¶3-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p92" data-pid="92" class="p92"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 12:25)</strong></a> Anxiety in a man’s heart weighs it down,* But a good word cheers it up.</p><p></p><p>Or “depresses him.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:11, 12)</strong></a> For I am longing to see you, that I may impart some spiritual gift to you for you to be made firm; <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>or, rather, that we may have an interchange of encouragement by one another’s faith, both yours and mine.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 15:30-32)</strong></a> Now I urge you, brothers, through our Lord Jesus Christ and through the love of the spirit, that you exert yourselves with me in prayers to God for me, <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>that I may be rescued from the unbelievers in Ju·deʹa and that my ministry in behalf of Jerusalem may prove to be acceptable to the holy ones, <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>so that by God’s will I will come to you with joy and be refreshed together with you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:39)</strong></a> A wife is bound as long as her husband is alive. But if her husband should fall asleep in death, she is free to be married to whomever she wants, only in the Lord.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Thess. 1:3-5)</strong></a> We are obligated always to give thanks to God for you, brothers. This is fitting, because your faith is growing exceedingly and the love of each and every one of you is increasing toward one another. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>As a result we ourselves take pride in you among the congregations of God because of your endurance and faith in all your persecutions and the hardships* that you are suffering.* <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>This is a proof of the righteous judgment of God, leading to your being counted worthy of the Kingdom of God, for which you are indeed suffering.</p><p></p><p>Or “tribulations.”</p><p>Or “enduring.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
