<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, June 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Sunday, June 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>Never let anyone look down on your youth. Instead, become an example to the faithful ones in speaking, in conduct, in love, in faith, in chasteness.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Tim. 4:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">At the time that Paul wrote these words, Timothy may have been in his early 30’s. Yet, Paul had assigned him to care for weighty responsibilities. Regardless of the underlying reason for this counsel, the point is clear. We must not judge younger brothers simply based on their age. We do well to remember that even our Lord Jesus carried out his entire earthly ministry while he was in his early 30’s. We may be part of a culture that tends to look down on younger men. If so, elders in the congregation may hesitate to recommend qualified young brothers to serve as ministerial servants or elders. All elders do well to remember that the Scriptures do not give a minimum age for a man to be recommended as a ministerial servant or an elder.​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Tim. 3:1-10,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 12, 13;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Titus 1:5-9</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>11-12 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 4:12)</strong></a> Never let anyone look down on your youth. Instead, become an example to the faithful ones in speaking, in conduct, in love, in faith, in chasteness.*</p><p></p><p>Or “purity.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 3:1-10)</strong></a> This statement is trustworthy: If a man is reaching out to be an overseer, he is desirous of a fine work. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>The overseer should therefore be irreprehensible, a husband of one wife, moderate in habits, sound in mind,* orderly, hospitable, qualified to teach, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>not a drunkard, not violent,* but reasonable, not quarrelsome, not a lover of money, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>a man presiding over* his own household in a fine manner, having his children in subjection with all seriousness <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>(for if any man does not know how to preside over* his own household, how will he care for the congregation of God?), <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>not a newly converted man, for fear that he might get puffed up with pride and fall into the judgment passed on the Devil. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Moreover, he should also have a fine testimony* from outsiders so that he does not fall into reproach* and a snare of the Devil. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Ministerial servants should likewise be serious, not double-tongued,* not indulging in a lot of wine, not greedy of dishonest gain, <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>holding the sacred secret of the faith with a clean conscience. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Also, let these be tested as to fitness* first; then let them serve as ministers, as they are free from accusation.</p><p></p><p>Or “have good judgment; be sensible.”</p><p>Or “a smiter.”</p><p>Or “managing.”</p><p>Or “manage.”</p><p>Or “a good reputation.”</p><p>Or “disgrace.”</p><p>Or “not deceitful in speech.”</p><p>Or “tested as to whether they qualify.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 3:12, 13)</strong></a> Let ministerial servants be husbands of one wife, presiding in a fine manner over their children and their own households. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>For the men who minister in a fine manner are acquiring for themselves a fine standing and great freeness of speech in the faith that is in Christ Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Titus 1:5-9)</strong></a> I left you in Crete so that you would correct the things that were defective* and make appointments of elders in city after city, as I instructed you: <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>if there is any man free from accusation, a husband of one wife, having believing children who are not accused of debauchery* or rebelliousness. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>For as God’s steward, an overseer must be free from accusation, not self-willed, not quick-tempered, not a drunkard, not violent,* not greedy of dishonest gain, <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>but hospitable, a lover of goodness, sound in mind,* righteous, loyal, self-controlled, <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>holding firmly to the faithful word* as respects his art of teaching, so that he may be able both to encourage* by the teaching that is wholesome* and to reprove those who contradict.</p><p></p><p>Or “deficient.”</p><p>Or “wildness.”</p><p>Or “a smiter.”</p><p>Or “having good judgment; sensible.”</p><p>Or “the trustworthy message.”</p><p>Or “exhort.”</p><p>Or “healthful; beneficial.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
