<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, June 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Friday, June 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class="themeScrp"><em>We . . . speak, not with words taught by human wisdom, but with those taught by the spirit, as we explain spiritual matters with spiritual words.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 2:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">The apostle Paul was an intelligent and learned man, knowing at least two languages. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 5:34;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 21:37,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 39;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 22:2, 3</a>) Yet, when it came to matters of principle, he rejected worldly wisdom. Instead, he based his reasoning on the Scriptures. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Acts 17:2;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 1 Cor. 2:6, 7</a>) As a result, Paul enjoyed a successful ministry and anticipated an eternal reward. (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">2 Tim. 4:8</a>) Certainly, God’s thinking is superior to that of today’s world. Living by his thoughts will bring us the greatest happiness and success. But Jehovah will not force his thinking on us. “The faithful and discreet slave” does not exercise control over the thoughts of individuals, and neither do the elders. (<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">Matt. 24:45;</a><span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10"> 2 Cor. 1:24</a>) Rather, each Christian has the personal responsibility to bring his or her thinking into harmony with God’s. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>20-21 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 2:13)</strong></a> These things we also speak, not with words taught by human wisdom, but with those taught by the spirit, as we explain* spiritual matters with spiritual words.</p><p></p><p>Or “combine.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 5:34)</strong></a> But a Pharisee named Ga·maʹli·el rose in the Sanʹhe·drin; he was a Law teacher esteemed by all the people, and he gave the command to put the men outside for a little while.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 21:37)</strong></a> As he was about to be led into the soldiers’ quarters, Paul said to the military commander: “Am I allowed to say something to you?” He said: “Can you speak Greek?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 21:39)</strong></a> Then Paul said: “I am, in fact, a Jew, of Tarsus in Ci·liʹcia, a citizen of no obscure city. So I beg you, permit me to speak to the people.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 22:2, 3)</strong></a> Well, when they heard that he was addressing them in the Hebrew language, they kept all the more silent, and he said: <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>“I am a Jew, born in Tarsus of Ci·liʹcia, but educated in this city at the feet of Ga·maʹli·el, instructed according to the strictness of the ancestral Law, and zealous for God just as all of you are this day.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Acts 17:2)</strong></a> So according to Paul’s custom he went inside to them, and for three sabbaths he reasoned with them from the Scriptures,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 2:6, 7)</strong></a> Now we speak wisdom among those who are mature, but not the wisdom of this system of things* nor that of the rulers of this system of things, who are to come to nothing. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>But we speak God’s wisdom in a sacred secret, the hidden wisdom, which God foreordained before the systems of things for our glory.</p><p></p><p>Or “this age.” See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 4:8)</strong></a> From this time on, there is reserved for me the crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, will give me as a reward in that day, yet not to me only, but also to all those who have loved his manifestation.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:45)</strong></a> “Who really is the faithful and discreet slave whom his master appointed over his domestics, to give them their food at the proper time?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 1:24)</strong></a> Not that we are the masters over your faith, but we are fellow workers for your joy, for it is by your faith that you are standing.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
