<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, June 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77"><span id="page66" class="pageNum" data-no="66" data-before-text="66"></span>Friday, June 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class="themeScrp"><em>The hour is coming when everyone who kills you will think he has offered a sacred service to God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 16:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">That warning was true of those who murdered the disciple Stephen, and it has been true of others like them. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 6:8,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 12;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 7:54-60</a>) How ironic that in committing such evil crimes as murder, religious fanatics violate the very laws of the One whom they claim to worship! (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ex. 20:13</a>) Clearly, their consciences are treacherous guides! How can we prevent our conscience from becoming ineffective? The laws and principles contained in God’s Word are “beneficial for teaching, for reproving, for setting things straight, for disciplining in righteousness.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">2 Tim. 3:16</a>) Therefore, by diligently studying the Bible, meditating on what it says, and applying it in our lives, we can train our conscience to be more sensitive to God’s thinking, and it can thus serve as a reliable guide. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>16-17 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 16:2)</strong></a> Men will expel you from the synagogue. In fact, the hour is coming when everyone who kills you will think he has offered a sacred service to God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 6:8)</strong></a> Now Stephen, full of divine favor and power, was performing great wonders and signs among the people.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 6:12)</strong></a> And they stirred up the people, the elders, and the scribes, and coming upon him suddenly, they forcibly seized him and led him to the Sanʹhe·drin.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 7:54-60)</strong></a> Well, at hearing these things, they were infuriated in their hearts and began to grind their teeth at him. <strong><sup>55 </sup></strong>But he, being full of holy spirit, gazed into heaven and caught sight of God’s glory and of Jesus standing at God’s right hand, <strong><sup>56 </sup></strong>and he said: “Look! I see the heavens opened up and the Son of man standing at God’s right hand.” <strong><sup>57 </sup></strong>At this they cried out at the top of their voices and put their hands over their ears and rushed at him all together. <strong><sup>58 </sup></strong>After throwing him outside the city, they began stoning him. The witnesses laid down their outer garments at the feet of a young man called Saul. <strong><sup>59 </sup></strong>As they were stoning Stephen, he made this appeal: “Lord Jesus, receive my spirit.” <strong><sup>60 </sup></strong>Then, kneeling down, he cried out with a strong voice: “Jehovah, do not charge this sin against them.” And after saying this, he fell asleep in death.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ex. 20:13)</strong></a> “You must not murder.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:16)</strong></a> All Scripture is inspired of God and beneficial for teaching, for reproving, for setting things straight,* for disciplining in righteousness,</p><p></p><p>Or “correcting.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
