<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, June 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Saturday, June 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>Can a woman forget her nursing child or have no compassion for the son of her womb? Even if these women forget, I would never forget you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 49:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">The first two of the Ten Commandments required that the Israelites devote themselves exclusively to Jehovah and warned against the worship of idols. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ex. 20:3-6</a>) Those commandments were not for Jehovah’s benefit. Rather, they were for the benefit of his people. When they worshipped the gods of other nations, they suffered. By contrast, Jehovah blessed his people when they were loyal to him and treated one another justly. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Ki. 10:4-9</a>) Jehovah is not to blame when those who claim to serve him ignore his standards and harm his people. However, Jehovah loves us and knows when we suffer injustice. He feels our pain more keenly than a mother feels the suffering of her baby. Although he may not intervene immediately, in due time he will hold unrepentant wrongdoers to account for the way they have treated others. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>22 ¶13-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 49:15)</strong></a> Can a woman forget her nursing child Or have no compassion for the son of her womb? Even if these women forget, I would never forget you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ex. 20:3-6)</strong></a> You must not have any other gods besides me.* <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>“You must not make for yourself a carved image or a form* like anything that is in the heavens above or on the earth below or in the waters under the earth. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>You must not bow down to them nor be enticed to serve them, for I, Jehovah your God, am a God who requires exclusive devotion, bringing punishment for the error of fathers upon sons, upon the third generation and upon the fourth generation of those who hate me, <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>but showing loyal love to the thousandth generation of those who love me and keep my commandments.</p><p></p><p>Or “in defiance of me.” Lit., “against my face.”</p><p>Or “representation.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 10:4-9)</strong></a> When the queen of Sheʹba had seen all the wisdom of Solʹo·mon, the house that he built, <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>the food of his table, the seating of his servants, the table service of his waiters and their attire, his cupbearers, and his burnt sacrifices that he regularly offered up at the house of Jehovah, she was left completely breathless.* <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>So she said to the king: “The report that I heard in my own land about your achievements* and about your wisdom was true. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>But I did not put faith in the reports until I had come and had seen it with my own eyes. And look! I had not been told the half. You have far surpassed in wisdom and prosperity the report that I heard. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Happy are your men, and happy are your servants who stand before you constantly, listening to your wisdom! <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>May Jehovah your God be praised, who has taken pleasure in you by putting you on the throne of Israel. Because of Jehovah’s everlasting love for Israel, he appointed you as king to administer justice and righteousness.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “there was no more spirit in her.”</p><p>Or “words.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
