<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, June 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Tuesday, June 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="themeScrp"><em>Do not be anxious, for I am your God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 41:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">Jehovah knew that the inhabitants of Babylon would become afraid. Babylon would be attacked by the mighty armies of Medo-Persia. Jehovah would use this army to free his people from captivity to Babylon. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 41:2-4</a>) When the Babylonians and people of other nations knew that their enemy was approaching, they tried to maintain their courage by saying to one another: “Be strong.” They also made more idol gods, hoping that these would protect them. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 41:5-7</a>) Meanwhile, Jehovah calmed the hearts of the Jewish exiles by saying: “You, O Israel, [unlike your neighbors] are my servant . . . Do not be anxious, for I am your God.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Isa. 41:8-10</a>) Note that Jehovah said: “I <em>am </em>your God.” With those words, Jehovah reassured his loyal worshippers that he had not forgotten them and that they were still his people. He told them: “I will carry you . . . and rescue you.” Those reassuring words no doubt strengthened the Jewish exiles.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Isa. 46:3, 4</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>4 ¶8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 41:10)</strong></a> Do not be afraid, for I am with you. Do not be anxious, for I am your God. I will fortify you, yes, I will help you, I will really hold on to you with my right hand of righteousness.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 41:2-4)</strong></a> Who has raised up someone from the sunrise,* Calling him in righteousness to His feet,* To hand over nations to him And to make him subdue kings? Who reduces them to dust before his sword, Like windblown stubble before his bow?  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>He pursues them, passing along unhindered Over paths that his feet have not traveled.  <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Who has acted and done this, Summoning the generations from the beginning? I, Jehovah, am the First One; And with the last ones I am the same.”</p><p></p><p>Or “from the east.”</p><p>That is, to serve Him.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 41:5-7)</strong></a> The islands have seen it and have become afraid. The ends of the earth began to tremble. They draw near and come forward.  <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>Each one helps his companion And says to his brother: “Be strong.”  <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>So the craftsman strengthens the metalworker; The one who flattens with the forge hammer Strengthens the one hammering at the anvil. He says about the soldering: “It is good.” Then it is fastened with nails so that it will not topple over.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 41:8-10)</strong></a> “But you, O Israel, are my servant, You, O Jacob, whom I have chosen, The offspring* of Abraham my friend,  <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>You, whom I took from the ends of the earth, And you, whom I called from its most distant parts. I said to you, ‘You are my servant; I have chosen you; I have not rejected you. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Do not be afraid, for I am with you. Do not be anxious, for I am your God. I will fortify you, yes, I will help you, I will really hold on to you with my right hand of righteousness.’</p><p></p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Isa. 46:3, 4)</strong></a> “Listen to me, O house of Jacob, and all you who remain of the house of Israel, You whom I have supported from birth and carried from the womb.  <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Until you grow old I will be the same; Until your hair is gray I will keep bearing you. As I have done, I will carry you and bear you and rescue you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
