<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, June 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8">Wednesday, June 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class="themeScrp"><em>Be courageous and strong. Do not be struck with terror or fear, for Jehovah your God is with you wherever you go.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Josh. 1:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">What reassuring encouragement Jehovah gave Joshua before settling His people in the Promised Land! Not only did Jehovah encourage individuals but he also gave words of encouragement to his people as a group. In prophetic terms this would prove to be of comfort to the Jews held captive in Babylon, Jehovah stated: “Do not be afraid, for I am with you. Do not be anxious, for I am your God. I will fortify you, yes, I will help you, I will really hold on to you with my right hand of righteousness.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 41:10</a>) The early Christians had the same assurance, and so do God’s people today. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Cor. 1:3, 4</a>) Jesus himself received encouragement from his Father. At his baptism, Jesus heard a voice from heaven say: “This is my Son, the beloved, whom I have approved.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 3:17</a>) How those words must have strengthened Jesus throughout his earthly ministry! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>16 ¶3-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Josh. 1:9)</strong></a> Have I not commanded you? Be courageous and strong. Do not be struck with terror or fear, for Jehovah your God is with you wherever you go.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 41:10)</strong></a> Do not be afraid, for I am with you. Do not be anxious, for I am your God. I will fortify you, yes, I will help you, I will really hold on to you with my right hand of righteousness.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 1:3, 4)</strong></a> Praised be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of tender mercies and the God of all comfort, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>who comforts* us in all our trials* so that we may be able to comfort others in any sort of trial* with the comfort that we receive from God.</p><p></p><p>Or “encourages.”</p><p>Or “tribulation.”</p><p>Or “tribulation.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 3:17)</strong></a> Look! Also, a voice from the heavens said: “This is my Son, the beloved, whom I have approved.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
