<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, June 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41"><span id="page62" class="pageNum" data-no="62" data-before-text="62"></span>Sunday, June 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>Go on walking in the truth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">3 John 3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">Walking in the truth is an ongoing process, a path that we hope to follow throughout eternity. How can we strengthen our determination to go on walking in the truth? Continue to study the precious truths of God’s Word and meditate on them. Yes, buy truth by regularly setting aside time to feed on the precious truths of God’s Word. You will thus deepen your appreciation for the truth and strengthen your resolve never to sell it. In addition to buying truth, <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Proverbs 23:23</a> says that we should also buy “wisdom and discipline and understanding.” Knowledge alone is not enough. We must put the truth to work in our lives. With understanding, we discern the harmony of all of Jehovah’s sayings. Wisdom moves us to act on what we know. At times, the truth disciplines us, showing us where we need to make changes. May we always be responsive to such guidance. Its value is far more than silver.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 8:10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>9 ¶3;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation2"> 11 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(3 John 3)</strong></a> For I rejoiced very much when brothers came and bore witness about the truth you hold, as you go on walking in the truth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 23:23)</strong></a> Buy* truth and never sell it, Also wisdom and discipline and understanding.</p><p></p><p>Or “Acquire.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 8:10)</strong></a> Take my discipline instead of silver, And knowledge rather than the finest gold,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
