<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, June 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47">Tuesday, June 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class="themeScrp"><em>Do not lie to one another.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 3:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">Deceitful people cannot keep anything secret from Jehovah, for “all things are naked and openly exposed” to him. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 4:13</a>) As an example, Ananias and Sapphira schemed in their hearts to deceive the apostles. They sold some property but brought only part of the proceeds of the sale to the apostles. The couple wanted to make themselves look good in the congregation, appearing to be more generous with their donation than they really were. Yet, Jehovah could see what they had done, and he punished them accordingly. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 5:1-10</a>) How does Jehovah feel about lying? Satan as well as all unrepentant, malicious liars who imitate him are heading for “the lake of fire.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rev. 20:10;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 21:8;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Ps. 5:6</a>) We know that Jehovah “is not a mere man who tells lies.” In fact, “it is impossible for God to lie.” (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Num. 23:19;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> Heb. 6:18</a>) “Jehovah hates . . . a lying tongue.” (<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">Prov. 6:16, 17</a>) To have his approval, we must live by his standard of truthfulness. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.10 </em>8 ¶10-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 3:9)</strong></a> Do not lie to one another. Strip off the old personality* with its practices,</p><p></p><p>Lit., “man.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 4:13)</strong></a> And there is not a creation that is hidden from his sight, but all things are naked and openly exposed to the eyes of the one to whom we must give an account.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 5:1-10)</strong></a> However, a man named An·a·niʹas, together with his wife Sap·phiʹra, sold some property. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>But he secretly held back some of the price, with his wife’s knowledge, and he brought just a part of it and deposited it at the feet of the apostles. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>But Peter said: “An·a·niʹas, why has Satan emboldened you to lie to the holy spirit and secretly hold back some of the price of the field? <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>As long as it remained with you, did it not remain yours? And after it was sold, was it not in your control? Why have you thought up such a deed as this in your heart? You have lied, not to men, but to God.” <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>On hearing these words, An·a·niʹas collapsed and died. And great fear came over all those who heard about it. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>Then the younger men rose, wrapped him in cloths, carried him out, and buried him. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Now after an interval of about three hours his wife came in, not knowing what had happened. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Peter said to her: “Tell me, did you two sell the field for so much?” She said: “Yes, for that amount.” <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>So Peter said to her: “Why did you two agree to make a test of the spirit of Jehovah? Look! The feet of those who buried your husband are at the door, and they will carry you out.” <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Instantly she collapsed at his feet and died. When the young men came in, they found her dead and they carried her out and buried her alongside her husband.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rev. 20:10)</strong></a> And the Devil who was misleading them was hurled into the lake of fire and sulfur, where both the wild beast and the false prophet already were; and they will be tormented* day and night forever and ever.</p><p></p><p>Or “restrained; imprisoned.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rev. 21:8)</strong></a> But as for the cowards and those without faith and those who are disgusting in their filth and murderers and the sexually immoral* and those practicing spiritism and idolaters and all the liars, their portion will be in the lake that burns with fire and sulfur. This means the second death.”</p><p></p><p>See Glossary, “Sexual immorality.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ps. 5:6)</strong></a> You will destroy those who speak lies. Jehovah detests violent and deceptive people.*</p><p></p><p>Or “a man of bloodshed and deception.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Num. 23:19)</strong></a> God is not a mere man who tells lies, Nor a son of man who changes his mind.* When he says something, will he not do it? When he speaks, will he not carry it out?</p><p></p><p>Or “who feels regret.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Heb. 6:18)</strong></a> in order that through two unchangeable things in which it is impossible for God to lie, we who have fled to the refuge may have strong encouragement to take firm hold of the hope set before us.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Prov. 6:16, 17)</strong></a> There are six things that Jehovah hates; Yes, seven things that he* detests: <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Haughty eyes, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood,</p><p></p><p>Or “his soul.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
