<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, June 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71">Wednesday, June 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class="themeScrp"><em>Moses was by far the meekest of all the men.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Num. 12:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">When Moses was 80 years old, Jehovah assigned him to deliver Israel from bondage in Egypt. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ex. 3:10</a>) Several times, Moses tried to excuse himself. But Jehovah remained patient and even empowered Moses to perform miracles. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ex. 4:2-9,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 21</a>) He could have frightened Moses into speedy submission. Instead, Jehovah was patient and kind, making an effort to reassure his modest and humble servant. Did this considerate approach work? Absolutely! Moses became an outstanding leader who tried to deal with others in the same mild and considerate way that Jehovah dealt with him. If you have a measure of authority, how important it is that you imitate Jehovah by being considerate, kind, and patient when dealing with those under your care! (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Col. 3:19-21;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 1 Pet. 5:1-3</a>) When you strive to imitate Jehovah and the Greater Moses, Jesus Christ, you will be both approachable and refreshing to others.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Matt. 11:28, 29</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>24-25 ¶7-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Num. 12:3)</strong></a> Now the man Moses was by far the meekest of all the men* on the face of the earth.</p><p></p><p>Or “was very humble (mild-tempered), more so than any other man.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ex. 3:10)</strong></a> Now come, I will send you to Pharʹaoh, and you will bring my people the Israelites out of Egypt.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ex. 4:2-9)</strong></a> Then Jehovah said to him: “What is that in your hand?” He answered: “A rod.” <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>He said: “Throw it on the ground.” So he threw it on the ground, and it became a serpent; and Moses fled from it. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Jehovah now said to Moses: “Reach out your hand and seize it by the tail.” So he reached out and seized it, and it became a rod in his hand. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>God then said: “This is so that they may believe that Jehovah the God of their forefathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, has appeared to you.” <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>Jehovah said to him once more: “Put your hand, please, into the upper fold of your garment.” So he put his hand into the fold of his garment. When he drew it out, why, his hand was stricken with leprosy like snow! <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Then he said: “Return your hand into the upper fold of your garment.” So he returned his hand into his garment. When he drew it out of the garment, it was restored like the rest of his flesh! <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>He said: “If they will not believe you or pay attention to the first sign, then they will certainly heed the next sign. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Still, even if they will not believe these two signs and refuse to listen to your voice, you will take some water from the Nile River and pour it out on the dry land, and the water that you take from the Nile will become blood on the dry land.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ex. 4:21)</strong></a> Then Jehovah said to Moses: “After you have returned to Egypt, see that you perform before Pharʹaoh all the miracles that I have empowered you to do. But I will allow his heart to become obstinate, and he will not send the people away.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Col. 3:19-21)</strong></a> You husbands, keep on loving your wives and do not be bitterly angry* with them. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>You children, be obedient to your parents in everything, for this is well-pleasing to the Lord. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>You fathers, do not be exasperating* your children, so that they do not become downhearted.*</p><p></p><p>Or “be harsh.”</p><p>Or “provoking; irritating.”</p><p>Or “discouraged.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:1-3)</strong></a> Therefore, as a fellow elder, a witness of the sufferings of the Christ and a sharer of the glory that is to be revealed, I make this appeal* to the elders among you: <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>Shepherd the flock of God under your care, serving as overseers,* not under compulsion, but willingly before God; not for love of dishonest gain, but eagerly; <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>not lording it over those who are God’s inheritance, but becoming examples to the flock.</p><p></p><p>Or “exhortation.”</p><p>Or “carefully watching over it.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:28, 29)</strong></a> Come to me, all you who are toiling* and loaded down, and I will refresh you. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>Take my yoke upon you and learn from me,* for I am mild-tempered and lowly in heart, and you will find refreshment for yourselves.</p><p></p><p>Or “struggling hard.” Or possibly, “weary; tired.”</p><p>Or “become my disciples (learners).”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
