<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, June 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14"><span id="page59" class="pageNum" data-no="59" data-before-text="59"></span>Friday, June 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class="themeScrp"><em>During all their distress it was distressing to him.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 63:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">Jehovah does more than just feel compassion for his servants who suffer. He takes action to help them. For example, when the Israelites were suffering as slaves in Egypt, Jehovah understood their pain and felt moved to relieve it. Jehovah said to Moses: “I have certainly seen the affliction of my people . . . , and I have heard their outcry . . . I well know the pains they suffer. I will go down to rescue them out of the hand of the Egyptians.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ex. 3:7, 8</a>) Because Jehovah felt compassion for his people, he freed them from slavery. Centuries later, in the Promised Land, the Israelites faced enemy attacks. How did Jehovah respond? He “was moved to pity over their groaning caused by those who oppressed them and those who were treating them abusively.” Again, empathy moved Jehovah to help his people. He sent judges to save the Israelites from their enemies.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Judg. 2:16,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 18</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.03 </em>15 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 63:9)</strong></a> During all their distress it was distressing to him. And his own personal messenger* saved them. In his love and compassion he repurchased them, And he lifted them up and carried them all the days of old.</p><p></p><p>Or “the angel of his presence.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ex. 3:7, 8)</strong></a> Jehovah added: “I have certainly seen the affliction of my people who are in Egypt, and I have heard their outcry because of those who force them to work; I well know the pains they suffer. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>I will go down to rescue them out of the hand of the Egyptians and to bring them up out of that land to a land good and spacious, a land flowing with milk and honey, the territory of the Caʹnaan·ites, the Hitʹtites, the Amʹor·ites, the Perʹiz·zites, the Hiʹvites, and the Jebʹu·sites.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Judg. 2:16)</strong></a> So Jehovah would raise up judges who would save them from the hand of their plunderers.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Judg. 2:18)</strong></a> Whenever Jehovah did raise up judges for them, Jehovah would be with the judge and save them from the hand of their enemies all the days of the judge; for Jehovah was moved to pity* over their groaning caused by those who oppressed them and those who were treating them abusively.</p><p></p><p>Or “felt regret.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
