<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, June 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5"><span id="page58" class="pageNum" data-no="58" data-before-text="58"></span>Tuesday, June 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>Let us </em>[<em>encourage</em>] <em>one another, and all the more so as you see the day drawing near.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 10:24, 25</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">Within just five years, Jewish Christians living in Jerusalem would see a “day of Jehovah” approaching and recognize the sign Jesus had given them to flee for their lives from that city. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 2:19, 20;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Luke 21:20-22</a>) That day of Jehovah arrived in 70 C.E. when the Romans executed Jehovah’s judgment on Jerusalem. Today, we have every reason to believe that the “great and very awe-inspiring” day of Jehovah is near. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Joel 2:11</a>) The prophet Zephaniah said: “The great day of Jehovah is near! It is near and it is approaching very quickly!” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Zeph. 1:14</a>) That prophetic warning also applies to our time. In view of the proximity of Jehovah’s day, Paul tells us to “be concerned about one another so as to incite to love and fine works.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Heb. 10:24</a>, ftn.) We should, therefore, be increasingly interested in our brothers, so that we can encourage them whenever needed. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>20 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:24, 25)</strong></a> And let us consider* one another so as to incite* to love and fine works, <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>not forsaking our meeting together, as some have the custom, but encouraging one another, and all the more so as you see the day drawing near.</p><p></p><p>Or “be concerned about; pay attention to.”</p><p>Or “motivate; stir up.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 2:19, 20)</strong></a> And I will give wonders in heaven above and signs on earth below—blood and fire and clouds of smoke. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>The sun will be turned into darkness and the moon into blood before the great and illustrious day of Jehovah comes.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 21:20-22)</strong></a> “However, when you see Jerusalem surrounded by encamped armies, then know that the desolating of her has drawn near. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>Then let those in Ju·deʹa begin fleeing to the mountains, let those in the midst of her leave, and let those in the countryside not enter into her, <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>because these are days for meting out justice in order that all the things written may be fulfilled.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Joel 2:11)</strong></a> Jehovah will raise his voice before his army, for his camp is very numerous. For the one carrying out His word is mighty; For the day of Jehovah is great and very awe-inspiring. Who can endure it?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Zeph. 1:14)</strong></a> The great day of Jehovah is near! It is near and it is approaching very quickly!* The sound of the day of Jehovah is bitter. There a warrior cries out.</p><p></p><p>Or “hurrying rapidly!”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:24)</strong></a> And let us consider* one another so as to incite* to love and fine works,</p><p></p><p>Or “be concerned about; pay attention to.”</p><p>Or “motivate; stir up.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
