<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, June 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38">Saturday, June 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class="themeScrp"><em>Grief and sighing will flee away.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 35:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">God foretold through Isaiah that after His people returned to their homeland, they would not have to struggle against harsh, dangerous elements; nor would they need to fear attacks from animals or beastlike men. Young and old would be safe. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 11:6-9;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 35:5-10;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 51:3</a>) Isaiah also said that the <em>whole earth​</em>—not just the nation of Israel—​would “be filled with the knowledge of Jehovah as the waters cover the sea.” Isaiah further emphasized that the returnees would not be threatened by animals or humans. Their land would produce abundant fruit, made possible by an ample supply of water, even as the garden of Eden was well-watered. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Gen. 2:10-14;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Jer. 31:12</a>) Would that be the only fulfillment? There is no evidence that those returning from exile were miraculously cured. For example, the blind did not regain their sight. So God was indicating that literal healings would yet occur. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>5 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 35:10)</strong></a> Those redeemed by Jehovah will return and come to Zion with a joyful cry. Unending joy will crown their heads. Exultation and rejoicing will be theirs, And grief and sighing will flee away.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 11:6-9)</strong></a> The wolf will reside for a while with the lamb, And with the young goat the leopard will lie down, And the calf and the lion* and the fattened animal will all be together;* And a little boy will lead them.  <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>The cow and the bear will feed together, And their young will lie down together. The lion will eat straw like the bull.  <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>The nursing child will play over the lair of a cobra, And a weaned child will put his hand over the den of a poisonous snake.  <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>They will not cause any harm Or any ruin in all my holy mountain, Because the earth will certainly be filled with the knowledge of Jehovah As the waters cover the sea.</p><p></p><p>Or “the maned young lion.”</p><p>Or possibly, “And the calf and the lion will feed together.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 35:5-10)</strong></a> At that time the eyes of the blind will be opened, And the ears of the deaf will be unstopped.  <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>At that time the lame will leap like the deer, And the tongue of the speechless will shout for joy. For waters will burst forth in the wilderness, And streams in the desert plain.  <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>The heat-parched ground will become a reedy pool, And the thirsty ground springs of water. In the lairs where jackals rested, There will be green grass and reeds and papyrus.  <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>And a highway will be there, Yes, a way called the Way of Holiness. The unclean one will not travel on it. It is reserved for the one walking on the way; No one foolish will stray onto it.  <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>No lion will be there, And no vicious wild beasts will come on it. They will not be found there; Only the repurchased ones will walk there. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Those redeemed by Jehovah will return and come to Zion with a joyful cry. Unending joy will crown their heads. Exultation and rejoicing will be theirs, And grief and sighing will flee away.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 51:3)</strong></a> For Jehovah will comfort Zion. He will bring comfort to all her ruins, And he will make her wilderness like Eʹden And her desert plain like the garden of Jehovah. Exultation and rejoicing will be found in her, Thanksgiving and melodious song.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Gen. 2:10-14)</strong></a> Now there was a river flowing out of Eʹden to water the garden, and from there it divided into four rivers.* <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>The name of the first is Piʹshon; it is the one encircling the entire land of Havʹi·lah, where there is gold. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>The gold of that land is good. Bdellium gum and onyx stone are also there. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>The name of the second river is Giʹhon; it is the one encircling the entire land of Cush. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>The name of the third river is Hidʹde·kel;* it is the one going to the east of As·syrʹi·a. And the fourth river is the Eu·phraʹtes.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “it became four heads.”</p><p>Or “Tigris.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Jer. 31:12)</strong></a> They will come and shout joyfully on the height of Zion And become radiant over the goodness of* Jehovah, Over the grain and the new wine and the oil, And over the young of the flock and the herd. They* will become like a well-watered garden, And they will never languish again.”</p><p></p><p>Or “the good things from.”</p><p>Or “Their soul.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
