<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, June 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Thursday, June 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="themeScrp"><em>How good and how pleasant it is for brothers to dwell together in unity!​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 133:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">Why not be resolved to have a positive influence, promoting unity among your brothers and sisters? If you are already doing so, that is commendable. Could you “widen out,” that is, do it to a greater extent and more consistently? (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 6:11-13</a>, ftn.) What about increasing your efforts to let the light of Bible truth shine in your neighborhood? Your kind words and deeds may well attract a neighbor to the truth. Ask yourself: ‘How do my neighbors view me? Do I keep my home and property tidy, thus reflecting well on the neighborhood? Do I take the initiative to be helpful to others?’ When you are in conversation with other Witnesses, why not draw them out on how their kindness and good conduct have affected relatives, neighbors, workmates, or schoolmates? It is quite likely that you will hear positive experiences.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eph. 5:9</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>24 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 133:1)</strong></a> Look! How good and how pleasant it is For brothers to dwell together in unity!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 6:11-13)</strong></a> We have opened our mouth to speak* to you, Corinthians, and we have opened wide our heart. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>We are not restricted in* our affections for you, but you are restricted in your own tender affections for us. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>So in response—I speak as to my children—you too open your hearts wide.*</p><p></p><p>Or “have spoken openly.”</p><p>Or “cramped for room in.”</p><p>Or “you too widen out.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:9)</strong></a> for the fruitage of the light consists of every sort of goodness and righteousness and truth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
