<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, June 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59"><span id="page64" class="pageNum" data-no="64" data-before-text="64"></span>Saturday, June 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>Who volunteers to come forward today with a gift in hand for Jehovah?​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Chron. 29:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">On various occasions in the history of ancient Israel, volunteers were needed. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ex. 36:2;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Neh. 11:2</a>) Today, you also have many opportunities to volunteer your time, resources, and skills to help your brothers and sisters. And you will feel great joy and receive many blessings from making yourself available. Those who volunteer for theocratic projects often make new friends. Consider the example of Margie, a sister who has worked on Kingdom Hall construction projects for 18 years. Over the years, she has taken several younger sisters under her wing to give them training. She has found the experience to be an excellent way of encouraging one another spiritually. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rom. 1:12</a>) During trying periods of her life, Margie has received encouragement from those whose friendships she forged on construction projects. Have you ever volunteered for such a construction project? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>25 ¶9,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation2"> 11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Chron. 29:5)</strong></a> the gold for the goldwork and the silver for the silverwork, and for all the work to be done by the craftsmen. Now who volunteers to come forward today with a gift in hand for Jehovah?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ex. 36:2)</strong></a> Moses then called Bezʹal·el and O·hoʹli·ab and every skilled man into whose heart Jehovah had put wisdom, everyone whose heart impelled him to volunteer to do the work.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Neh. 11:2)</strong></a> Moreover, the people blessed all the men who volunteered to live in Jerusalem.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:12)</strong></a> or, rather, that we may have an interchange of encouragement by one another’s faith, both yours and mine.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
