<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, June 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50"><span id="page63" class="pageNum" data-no="63" data-before-text="63"></span>Wednesday, June 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="themeScrp"><em>Ponder over these things.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Tim. 4:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">Suppose your employer asked you to contribute funds for an upcoming celebration connected with false religion. What would you do? Rather than wait for these situations to arise, why not give thought <em>now </em>to Jehovah’s thinking on such matters? Then, should any of these situations occur, you will find it easier to do and say the right thing. Giving advance thought to the need to remain loyal can also prove helpful in the event of a medical emergency. While we are firmly resolved to avoid the transfusion of whole blood or any of its four major components, some procedures involving blood require making a personal decision based on Bible principles that indicate Jehovah’s thinking. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 15:28, 29</a>) Surely the best time to weigh such matters is not in a hospital, possibly when we are in pain and under pressure to make a quick decision. Now would be the time to do research, complete a legal medical document indicating your wishes, and speak with your doctor. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>24 ¶5;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation2"> 26 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 4:15)</strong></a> Ponder over* these things; be absorbed in them, so that your advancement may be plainly seen by all people.</p><p></p><p>Or “Meditate on.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 15:28, 29)</strong></a> For the holy spirit and we ourselves have favored adding no further burden to you except these necessary things: <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>to keep abstaining from things sacrificed to idols, from blood, from what is strangled, and from sexual immorality. If you carefully keep yourselves from these things, you will prosper. Good health to you!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
