<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, June 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Monday, June 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class="themeScrp">[<em>Turn</em>] <em>away from . . . the falsely called “knowledge.”​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Tim. 6:20</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">To make good decisions, we need solid facts. Therefore, we need to be highly selective and to choose carefully what information we will read. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Phil. 4:8, 9</a>) We should not waste our time viewing questionable Internet news sites or reading unsubstantiated reports circulated via e-mail. It is especially important to avoid websites promoted by apostates. Their whole purpose is to tear down God’s people and to distort the truth. Poor quality information will lead to poor decisions. Never underestimate the powerful effect that misleading information can have on your mind and heart. Consider what happened in Moses’ time when 10 of the 12 spies who were sent to explore the Promised Land brought back a bad report. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Num. 13:25-33</a>) Their exaggerated and outrageous account completely disheartened Jehovah’s people. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Num. 14:1-4,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 6-10</a>) Instead of getting the facts and showing confidence in Jehovah, they chose to believe the bad report. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>4 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 6:20)</strong></a> Timothy, guard what has been entrusted to you, turning away from the empty speeches that violate what is holy and from the contradictions of the falsely called “knowledge.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:8, 9)</strong></a> Finally, brothers, whatever things are true, whatever things are of serious concern, whatever things are righteous, whatever things are chaste,* whatever things are lovable, whatever things are well-spoken-of, whatever things are virtuous, and whatever things are praiseworthy, continue considering* these things. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>The things that you learned as well as accepted and heard and saw in connection with me, practice these, and the God of peace will be with you.</p><p></p><p>Or “pure.”</p><p>Or “thinking about; meditating on.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Num. 13:25-33)</strong></a> At the end of 40 days, they returned from spying out the land. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>So they came back to Moses and Aaron and all the assembly of the Israelites in the wilderness of Paʹran, at Kaʹdesh. They brought back a report to all the assembly and showed them the fruitage of the land. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>This is what they reported to Moses: “We entered the land into which you sent us, and it is indeed flowing with milk and honey, and this is its fruitage. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>Nevertheless, the people who dwell in the land are strong, and the fortified cities are very great. We also saw the Anʹa·kim there. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>The A·malʹek·ites are dwelling in the land of the Negʹeb, and the Hitʹtites, the Jebʹu·sites, and the Amʹor·ites are dwelling in the mountainous region, and the Caʹnaan·ites are dwelling by the sea and along the Jordan.” <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>Then Caʹleb tried to calm the people as they stood before Moses by saying: “Let us go up immediately, and we are sure to take possession of it, because we can surely conquer it.” <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>But the men who went up with him said: “We are not able to go up against the people, because they are stronger than we are.” <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>And they kept on giving the Israelites a bad report about the land that they had spied out, saying: “The land that we passed through to spy out is a land that devours its inhabitants, and all the people whom we saw in it are men of extraordinary size. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>And there we saw the Nephʹi·lim, the sons of Aʹnak, who are from* the Nephʹi·lim, and in comparison we seemed like grasshoppers, both to us and to them.”</p><p></p><p>Or “descendants of.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Num. 14:1-4)</strong></a> Then all the assembly raised their voice, and the people continued crying out and weeping all through that night. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>All the Israelites began to murmur against Moses and Aaron, and the whole assembly spoke against them, saying: “If only we had died in the land of Egypt, or if only we had died in this wilderness! <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Why is Jehovah bringing us to this land to fall by the sword? Our wives and children will become plunder. Is it not better for us to return to Egypt?” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>They were even saying to one another: “Let us appoint a leader and return to Egypt!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Num. 14:6-10)</strong></a> Joshua the son of Nun and Caʹleb the son of Je·phunʹneh, who were among those who spied out the land, ripped their garments apart, <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>and they said this to all the assembly of the Israelites: “The land that we passed through to spy out is a very, very good land. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>If Jehovah is pleased with us, he will certainly bring us into this land and give it to us, a land that is flowing with milk and honey. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>But you must not rebel against Jehovah, and you must not fear the people of the land, for we will devour them.* Their protection has been removed from them, and Jehovah is with us. Do not fear them.” <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>However, all the assembly talked of stoning them. But Jehovah’s glory appeared on the tent of meeting to all the people of Israel.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “for they are bread to us.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
