<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, June 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020005"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Friday, June 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class="themeScrp"><em>You became precious in my eyes, . . . and I have loved you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 43:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">How encouraging it must have been for faithful Israelites to hear Jehovah’s words above. As one of Jehovah’s servants, you too can be sure that Jehovah loves you most tenderly. God’s Word promises concerning those pursuing pure worship: “As a mighty One, he will save. He will exult over you with great joy.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Zeph. 3:16, 17</a>) No matter what trials his people may face, Jehovah promises to sustain and comfort them. “You will nurse and be carried on the hip, and you will be bounced on the knees. As a mother comforts her son, so I will keep comforting you.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 66:12, 13</a>) What a heartwarming scene​—a loving mother carrying a baby on her hip or bouncing him on her knees! In this way Jehovah touchingly illustrates the intensity and tenderness of his love for true worshippers. Never doubt that you are personally very precious and dear to Jehovah.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Jer. 31:3</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020005-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>13 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 43:4)</strong></a> For you became precious in my eyes, You were honored, and I have loved you. So I will give people in place of you And nations in exchange for your life.*</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Zeph. 3:16, 17)</strong></a> On that day it will be said to Jerusalem: “Do not be afraid, O Zion. Do not let your hands drop down. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Jehovah your God is in your midst. As a mighty One, he will save. He will exult over you with great joy. He will become silent* in his love. He will rejoice over you with shouts of joy.</p><p></p><p>Or “quiet; at ease; satisfied.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 66:12, 13)</strong></a> For this is what Jehovah says: “Here I am extending to her peace just like a river And the glory of nations like a flooding torrent. You will nurse and be carried on the hip, And you will be bounced on the knees. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>As a mother comforts her son, So I will keep comforting you; And over Jerusalem you will be comforted.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Jer. 31:3)</strong></a> From far away Jehovah appeared to me and said: “I have loved you with an everlasting love. That is why I have drawn you to me with loyal love.*</p><p></p><p>Or “have continued to show loyal love to you.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
