<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, July 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Sunday, July 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class="themeScrp"><em>Safeguard your heart.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 4:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">If we are to succeed in safeguarding our heart, we must be able to identify dangers and react quickly to protect ourselves. The word translated “safeguard” reminds us of the work done by a watchman. In King Solomon’s day, watchmen stood guard on the walls of a city and sounded an alarm if they saw danger approaching. That mental picture helps us understand what we must do to stop Satan from corrupting our thinking. In ancient times, watchmen worked closely with city gatekeepers. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Sam. 18:24-26</a>) Together, they helped protect the city by making sure that the gates were closed whenever an enemy came near. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Neh. 7:1-3</a>) Our Bible-trained conscience can act as our watchman and warn us when Satan tries to invade our heart​—in other words, when he tries to influence our thoughts, feelings, motives, or desires. Whenever our conscience sounds the alarm, we need to listen and shut the gate, so to speak. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>17 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 4:23)</strong></a> Above all the things that you guard, safeguard your heart, For out of it are the sources of life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 18:24-26)</strong></a> Now David was sitting between the two city gates, and the watchman went up to the roof of the gate by the wall. He looked up and saw a man running by himself. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>So the watchman called out and told the king. The king said: “If he is by himself, he has news to tell.” As he came steadily nearer, <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>the watchman saw another man running. The watchman then called to the gatekeeper: “Look! Another man running by himself!” The king said: “This one is also bringing news.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Neh. 7:1-3)</strong></a> As soon as the wall had been rebuilt I set up the doors; then the gatekeepers, the singers, and the Levites were appointed. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>I then put my brother Ha·naʹni in charge of Jerusalem, along with Han·a·niʹah the chief of the Fortress, for he was a most trustworthy man and feared the true God more than many others. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>So I said to them: “The gates of Jerusalem should not be opened until the heat of the day, and while they are standing guard, they should shut the doors and bolt them. And assign the inhabitants of Jerusalem as guards, each to his assigned guardpost and each in front of his own house.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
