<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, July 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Friday, July 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class="themeScrp"><em>Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 5:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">Unlike the animals, you have a spiritual need, which only your Creator can satisfy. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 4:4</a>) When you listen appreciatively to him, you gain insight, wisdom, and happiness. God satisfies your spiritual need by means of his Word and the abundance of spiritual food that he provides through “the faithful and discreet slave.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 24:45</a>) And how varied and rich that food is! (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Isa. 65:13, 14</a>) The spiritual food that God provides will give you wisdom and thinking ability, which can protect you in many ways. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Prov. 2:10-14</a>) For example, these qualities open your eyes to false teachings, such as the view that there is no Creator. They protect you against the lie that money and possessions are the key to happiness. And they help you to recognize and resist wrong desires and self-destructive behavior. So continue to search for godly wisdom and thinking ability, viewing them as treasures! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>20 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:3)</strong></a> “Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need, since the Kingdom of the heavens belongs to them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 4:4)</strong></a> But he answered: “It is written: ‘Man must live, not on bread alone, but on every word that comes from Jehovah’s mouth.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:45)</strong></a> “Who really is the faithful and discreet slave whom his master appointed over his domestics, to give them their food at the proper time?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 65:13, 14)</strong></a> Therefore this is what the Sovereign Lord Jehovah says: “Look! My servants will eat, but you will go hungry. Look! My servants will drink, but you will go thirsty. Look! My servants will rejoice, but you will suffer shame. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>Look! My servants will shout joyfully because of the good condition of the heart, But you will cry out because of the pain of heart And you will wail because of a broken spirit.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Prov. 2:10-14)</strong></a> When wisdom enters your heart And knowledge becomes pleasant to your soul,* <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>Thinking ability will keep watch over you, And discernment will safeguard you, <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>To save you from the bad course, From the man speaking perverse things, <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>From those leaving the upright paths To walk in the ways of darkness, <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>From those who rejoice in wrongdoing, Who find joy in the perverseness of evil,</p><p></p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
