<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, July 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Wednesday, July 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class="themeScrp"><em>Truly I tell you today, you will be with me in Paradise.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 23:43</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">In the earliest available Greek manuscripts, punctuation was not consistently used. Thus, the question arises: Was Jesus saying, “I tell you, today you will be with me in Paradise”? Or was he saying, “I tell you today, you will be with me in Paradise”? Recall that Jesus had earlier told his followers: “The Son of man will be in the heart of the earth for three days and three nights.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 12:40;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 16:21;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 17:22, 23;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Mark 10:34;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Acts 10:39, 40</a>) So Jesus did not go to any Paradise on the day he and that criminal died. Jesus was “in the Grave [or “Hades”]” for days, until God resurrected him. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Acts 2:31, 32</a>; ftn.) That dying criminal did not know that Jesus had made a covenant with his faithful apostles to be with him in the heavenly Kingdom. (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Luke 22:29</a>) Furthermore, that criminal had not even been baptized. (<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">John 3:3-6,</a><span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10"> 12</a>) Thus, what Jesus promised must be an <em>earthly </em>paradise that was to be fulfilled later. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>6 ¶17-18,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation2"> 20-21</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 23:43)</strong></a> And he said to him: “Truly I tell you today, you will be with me in Paradise.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 12:40)</strong></a> For just as Joʹnah was in the belly of the huge fish for three days and three nights, so the Son of man will be in the heart of the earth for three days and three nights.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 16:21)</strong></a> From that time forward, Jesus began explaining to his disciples that he must go to Jerusalem and suffer many things from the elders and chief priests and scribes and be killed, and on the third day be raised up.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 17:22, 23)</strong></a> It was while they were gathered together in Galʹi·lee that Jesus said to them: “The Son of man is going to be betrayed into men’s hands, <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>and they will kill him, and on the third day he will be raised up.” And they were very much grieved.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Mark 10:34)</strong></a> and these will mock him and spit on him and scourge him and kill him, but three days later he will rise.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Acts 10:39, 40)</strong></a> And we are witnesses of all the things he did both in the country of the Jews and in Jerusalem; but they did away with him by hanging him on a stake. <strong><sup>40 </sup></strong>God raised this one up on the third day and allowed him to become manifest,*</p><p></p><p>Or “to become visible; to be seen.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Acts 2:31, 32)</strong></a> he foresaw and spoke about the resurrection of the Christ, that neither was he forsaken in the Grave nor did his flesh see corruption. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>God resurrected this Jesus, and of this we are all witnesses.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Luke 22:29)</strong></a> and I make a covenant with you, just as my Father has made a covenant with me, for a kingdom,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(John 3:3-6)</strong></a> In response Jesus said to him: “Most truly I say to you, unless anyone is born again, he cannot see the Kingdom of God.” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Nic·o·deʹmus said to him: “How can a man be born when he is old? He cannot enter into the womb of his mother a second time and be born, can he?” <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>Jesus answered: “Most truly I say to you, unless anyone is born from water and spirit, he cannot enter into the Kingdom of God. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>What has been born from the flesh is flesh, and what has been born from the spirit is spirit.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(John 3:12)</strong></a> If I have told you earthly things and you still do not believe, how will you believe if I tell you heavenly things?</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
