<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, July 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59"><span id="page74" class="pageNum" data-no="74" data-before-text="74"></span>Monday, July 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>Let them serve as ministers, as they are free from accusation.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Tim. 3:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">Younger men must be evaluated, not by personal or cultural viewpoints, but by the measuring stick of God’s Word. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Tim. 3:16, 17</a>) Unscriptural cultural views can hold back qualified brothers. In one country, a well-qualified ministerial servant was entrusted with weighty responsibilities. Although the elders in his congregation agreed that the young brother met the Scriptural qualifications of an elder to a reasonable degree, he was not recommended for appointment. A few older elders insisted that the brother looked too young to be viewed as an elder. Sadly, the brother was held back from appointment simply because of the way he looked. Reports indicate that this way of thinking affects many in various parts of the world. How important it is that we rely on the Scriptures rather than on our own viewpoints! That is the only way to obey Jesus and stop judging by the outward appearance.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 7:24</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>12 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 3:10)</strong></a> Also, let these be tested as to fitness* first; then let them serve as ministers, as they are free from accusation.</p><p></p><p>Or “tested as to whether they qualify.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:16, 17)</strong></a> All Scripture is inspired of God and beneficial for teaching, for reproving, for setting things straight,* for disciplining in righteousness, <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>so that the man of God may be fully competent, completely equipped for every good work.</p><p></p><p>Or “correcting.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 7:24)</strong></a> Stop judging by the outward appearance, but judge with righteous judgment.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
