<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, July 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23"><span id="page70" class="pageNum" data-no="70" data-before-text="70"></span>Wednesday, July 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class="themeScrp"><em>Well done, good and faithful slave! You were faithful over a few things. I will appoint you over many things. Enter into the joy of your master.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 25:21</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">Even before Jehovah’s Son came to earth and set a perfect example of how to impart encouragement, faithful servants of Jehovah were conscious of the need to be encouraging. When threatened by the Assyrians, Hezekiah assembled the military chiefs and the people of Judah to encourage them. “And the people were strengthened by [his] words.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Chron. 32:6-8</a>) Although in need of consolation himself, Job gave his three “troublesome comforters” a lesson in giving encouragement. He told them that if he had been in their place, he ‘would have strengthened them with the words of his mouth, and the consolation of his lips would have brought them relief.’ (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Job 16:1-5</a>) Finally, Job received encouragement from Elihu and from Jehovah himself.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Job 33:24, 25;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 36:1,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 11;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 42:7,</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> 10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>16 ¶6;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation2"> 17 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 25:21)</strong></a> His master said to him: ‘Well done, good and faithful slave! You were faithful over a few things. I will appoint you over many things. Enter into the joy of your master.’*</p><p></p><p>Or “Rejoice with your master; Come and share your master’s happiness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Chron. 32:6-8)</strong></a> He then appointed military chiefs over the people and assembled them at the public square of the city gate and encouraged them,* saying: <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>“Be courageous and strong. Do not be afraid or be terrified because of the king of As·syrʹi·a and all the multitude with him, for there are more with us than there are with him. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>With him is an arm of flesh,* but with us is Jehovah our God to help us and to fight our battles.” And the people were strengthened by the words of King Hez·e·kiʹah of Judah.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “spoke to their heart.”</p><p>Or “is human strength.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Job 16:1-5)</strong></a> Job said in reply:  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>“I have heard many things like these before. All of you are troublesome comforters!  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Is there an end to empty* words? What provokes you to answer this way?  <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>I could also speak as you do. If you were in my place,* I could make persuasive speeches against you And shake my head at you.  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>Instead, though, I would strengthen you with the words of my mouth, And the consolation of my lips would bring relief.</p><p></p><p>Or “blustery.”</p><p>Or “If your soul were in place of my soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Job 33:24, 25)</strong></a> Then God shows him favor and says, ‘Spare him from going down into the pit!* I have found a ransom! <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>Let his flesh become fresher* than in youth; Let him return to the days of his youthful vigor.’</p><p></p><p>Or “grave.”</p><p>Or “healthier.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Job 36:1)</strong></a> E·liʹhu continued:</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Job 36:11)</strong></a> If they obey and serve him, They will live out their days in prosperity, And their years will be pleasant.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Job 42:7)</strong></a> After Jehovah had spoken these words to Job, Jehovah said to Elʹi·phaz the Teʹman·ite: “My anger burns against you and your two companions, for you have not spoken the truth about me as my servant Job has.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Job 42:10)</strong></a> After Job had prayed for his companions, Jehovah removed Job’s tribulation and restored his prosperity.* Jehovah gave him double what he had before.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “Jehovah turned back the captivity of Job.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
