<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, July 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Saturday, July 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class="themeScrp"><em>We are God’s fellow workers.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 3:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">When disasters strike, God’s people have opportunities to work with God by helping their brothers in practical ways. For example, they give financial support to those affected. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 13:34, 35;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Acts 11:27-30</a>) Another practical way is by assisting with cleaning or reconstruction. Gabriela, a sister from Poland whose home was virtually destroyed by a flood, cheered up when brothers from nearby congregations came to her aid. “I don’t want to talk about what I lost​—those are just material things,” she relates. “Rather, I want to tell you how much I gained. This experience reassured me that being a part of the Christian congregation is a unique privilege as well as a source of joy and happiness.” Many who receive help after a disaster say that they feel richer from the experience. And those who work with Jehovah to provide such help enjoy great satisfaction themselves.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 20:35;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 2 Cor. 9:6, 7</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>26 ¶12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 3:9)</strong></a> For we are God’s fellow workers. You are God’s field under cultivation, God’s building.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 13:34, 35)</strong></a> I am giving you a new commandment, that you love one another; just as I have loved you, you also love one another. <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>By this all will know that you are my disciples—if you have love among yourselves.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 11:27-30)</strong></a> In those days prophets came down from Jerusalem to Antioch. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>One of them named Agʹa·bus stood up and foretold through the spirit that a great famine was about to come on the entire inhabited earth, which, in fact, did take place in the time of Claudius. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>So the disciples determined, each according to what he could afford, to send relief to the brothers living in Ju·deʹa; <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>and this they did, sending it to the elders by the hand of Barʹna·bas and Saul.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 20:35)</strong></a> I have shown you in all things that by working hard in this way, you must assist those who are weak and must keep in mind the words of the Lord Jesus, when he himself said: ‘There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 9:6, 7)</strong></a> But as to this, whoever sows sparingly will also reap sparingly, and whoever sows bountifully will also reap bountifully. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Let each one do just as he has resolved in his heart, not grudgingly* or under compulsion, for God loves a cheerful giver.</p><p></p><p>Or “reluctantly.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
