<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, July 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page67" class="pageNum" data-no="67" data-before-text="67"></span><strong>July</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Wednesday, July 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp"><em>Keep perceiving what the will of Jehovah is.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 5:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">We are living in “critical times” that are “hard to deal with,” and life is going to become even more difficult before a new day dawns and true peace is restored to this earth. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Tim. 3:1</a>) So we do well to ask ourselves, ‘Where am I looking for help and direction?’ Centuries ago, a psalmist acknowledged the need for us to raise our eyes to Jehovah for help in times of need. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 123:1-4</a>) He compared our looking to Jehovah with the way a servant looks to his master. What did the psalmist mean by that? Well, not only does a servant look to his master for food and protection but the servant needs constantly to watch his master to discern his wishes and then to carry them out. In a similar way, we daily need to search God’s Word to ascertain what Jehovah’s will is for us personally and then to follow that direction. Only then can we be sure that Jehovah will show us favor in our time of need. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>12 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:17)</strong></a> On this account stop being unreasonable, but keep perceiving what the will of Jehovah* is.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:1)</strong></a> But know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 123:1-4)</strong></a> To you I raise my eyes, You who are enthroned in the heavens.  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>As the eyes of servants look to the hand of their master, And the eyes of a servant girl to the hand of her mistress, So our eyes look to Jehovah our God Until he shows us favor.  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Show us favor, O Jehovah, show us favor, For we have had our full share of contempt.  <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>We have had our full share of* ridicule from the self-assured And the contempt of the arrogant.</p><p></p><p>Or “Our soul has had more than enough.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
