<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, July 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68"><span id="page75" class="pageNum" data-no="75" data-before-text="75"></span>Thursday, July 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp"><em>Make for us a god who will go ahead of us, because we do not know what has happened to this Moses.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ex. 32:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">Soon the Israelites were worshipping a golden calf! Despite this obvious act of disobedience, the Israelites somehow fooled themselves into thinking that they were still on Jehovah’s side. Why, Aaron even called their calf worship “a festival to Jehovah”! How did Jehovah react? He felt betrayed. Jehovah told Moses that the people had “corrupted themselves” and had “deviated from the way [He] commanded them to go.” In his “burning anger,” Jehovah even considered wiping out the newly formed nation of Israel. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ex. 32:5-10</a>) However, Jehovah decided not to eliminate the Israelites. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ex. 32:14</a>) Although initially involved in setting up the idol, Aaron repented and joined the rest of the Levites who declared themselves to be on Jehovah’s side. While thousands lost their lives because of their idolatry, those who were on Jehovah’s side were promised a blessing.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ex. 32:26-29</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>20 ¶13-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ex. 32:1)</strong></a> Meanwhile, the people saw that Moses was taking a long time coming down from the mountain. So the people gathered around Aaron and said to him: “Get up, make for us a god who will go ahead of us, because we do not know what has happened to this Moses, the man who led us up out of the land of Egypt.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ex. 32:5-10)</strong></a> When Aaron saw this, he built an altar before it. Then Aaron called out: “There is a festival to Jehovah tomorrow.” <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>So they got up early on the next day and began offering up burnt offerings and presenting communion sacrifices. After that the people sat down to eat and drink. Then they got up to have a good time. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Jehovah now said to Moses: “Go, descend, because your people, whom you led up out of the land of Egypt, have corrupted themselves. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>They have quickly deviated from the way I commanded them to go. They have made for themselves a statue* of a calf, and they keep bowing down to it and sacrificing to it and saying, ‘This is your God, O Israel, who led you up out of the land of Egypt.’” <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Jehovah went on to say to Moses: “I have seen that this is an obstinate* people. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>So now let me be, and I will exterminate them in my burning anger, and let me make a great nation from you instead.”</p><p></p><p>Or “molten statue.”</p><p>Lit., “stiff-necked.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ex. 32:14)</strong></a> So Jehovah began to reconsider* the calamity that he had spoken of bringing on his people.</p><p></p><p>Or “felt regret over.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ex. 32:26-29)</strong></a> Then Moses took his position in the gate of the camp and said: “Who is on Jehovah’s side? Come to me!” And all the Levites gathered around him. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>He now said to them: “This is what Jehovah the God of Israel has said, ‘Each of you must fasten on his sword and pass through all the camp from gate to gate, killing his brother, his neighbor, and his close companion.’” <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>The Levites did what Moses said. So about 3,000 men were killed on that day. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>Then Moses said: “Set yourselves apart* for Jehovah today, for each of you has gone against his own son and his own brother; today he will give you a blessing.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “Fill your hand.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
