<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, July 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Thursday, July 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="themeScrp"><em>I will fortify you, yes, I will help you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 41:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">Isaiah had already described how Jehovah would fortify, or strengthen, his people, saying: “Jehovah will come with power, and <em>his arm </em>will rule for him.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 40:10</a>) The Bible often uses the word “arm” symbolically to signify power. So the statement that Jehovah’s “arm will rule” reminds us that Jehovah is a powerful King. He used his unbeatable strength to support and defend his servants in the past, and he continues to strengthen and protect those who trust in him today. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Deut. 1:30, 31;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Isa. 43:10</a>, ftn.) Especially when enemies persecute us, Jehovah keeps his promise: “I will fortify you.” In some parts of the world today, our enemies are trying hard to stop our preaching work or ban our organization. Even so, we are not overly anxious about such attacks. Jehovah has given us a guarantee that fills us with strength and confidence. He promises us: “No weapon formed against you will have any success.”​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Isa. 54:17</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>5-6 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 41:10)</strong></a> Do not be afraid, for I am with you. Do not be anxious, for I am your God. I will fortify you, yes, I will help you, I will really hold on to you with my right hand of righteousness.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 40:10)</strong></a> Look! The Sovereign Lord Jehovah will come with power, And his arm will rule for him. Look! His reward is with him, And the wage he pays is before him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Deut. 1:30, 31)</strong></a> Jehovah your God will go before you and will fight for you, just as he did in Egypt before your very eyes. <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>And you saw in the wilderness how Jehovah your God carried you just as a man carries his son, everywhere you went until you came to this place.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 43:10)</strong></a> “You are my witnesses,” declares Jehovah, “Yes, my servant whom I have chosen, So that you may know and have faith in me* And understand that I am the same One. Before me no God was formed, And after me there has been none.</p><p></p><p>Or “and trust me.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Isa. 54:17)</strong></a> No weapon formed against you will have any success, And you will condemn any tongue that rises up against you in the judgment. This is the heritage* of the servants of Jehovah, And their righteousness is from me,” declares Jehovah.</p><p></p><p>Or “inheritance.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
