<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, July 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50"><span id="page73" class="pageNum" data-no="73" data-before-text="73"></span>Friday, July 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="themeScrp"><em>God is love, and the one who remains in love remains in union with God and God remains in union with him.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 John 4:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">God’s people are a spiritual family​—one marked by love. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 John 4:21</a>) That love is usually reflected, not in rare heroic acts, but in countless smaller ways, such as by thoughtful words and kind deeds. When we treat others kindly and considerately, we “become imitators of God, as beloved children.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eph. 5:1</a>) Jesus perfectly imitated his Father. “Come to me, all you who are toiling and loaded down,” said Jesus, “and I will refresh you . . . , for I am mild-tempered and lowly in heart.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 11:28, 29</a>) When we imitate Christ’s example by “[showing] consideration to the lowly one,” we receive our heavenly Father’s favor and find great happiness. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 41:1</a>) So, let us manifest our love by continuing to show consideration for others in the family, in the congregation, and in the field ministry. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>28 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 John 4:16)</strong></a> And we have come to know and believe the love that God has for us. God is love, and the one who remains in love remains in union with God and God remains in union with him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 John 4:21)</strong></a> And we have this commandment from him, that whoever loves God must also love his brother.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:1)</strong></a> Therefore, become imitators of God, as beloved children,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:28, 29)</strong></a> Come to me, all you who are toiling* and loaded down, and I will refresh you. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>Take my yoke upon you and learn from me,* for I am mild-tempered and lowly in heart, and you will find refreshment for yourselves.</p><p></p><p>Or “struggling hard.” Or possibly, “weary; tired.”</p><p>Or “become my disciples (learners).”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 41:1)</strong></a> Happy is anyone who shows consideration to the lowly one; Jehovah will rescue him in the day of calamity.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
