<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, July 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Monday, July 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>Let us consider one another so as to incite to love and fine works.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 10:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">To attend meetings regularly, we may need to demonstrate courage in the face of difficult circumstances. Some of our brothers and sisters attend meetings despite being burdened by grief, discouragement, or health problems. Others courageously attend meetings despite strong opposition from family members or governmental authorities. Think for a moment about how our example affects our brothers who are imprisoned for their faith. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 13:3</a>) When they hear that we keep serving Jehovah in spite of our trials, they are strengthened to maintain their faith, courage, and integrity. When Paul was in prison in Rome, he rejoiced whenever he heard that his brothers were serving God faithfully. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Phil. 1:3-5,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 12-14</a>) Shortly before or just after his release, Paul wrote his letter to the Hebrews. In that letter he urged those faithful Christians to never forsake meeting together.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Heb. 10:25</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>28 ¶9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:24)</strong></a> And let us consider* one another so as to incite* to love and fine works,</p><p></p><p>Or “be concerned about; pay attention to.”</p><p>Or “motivate; stir up.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:3)</strong></a> Keep in mind those in prison,* as though you were imprisoned with them, and those being mistreated, since you yourselves also are in the body.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the bound ones; those in bonds.”</p><p>Or possibly, “as if you were suffering with them.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Phil. 1:3-5)</strong></a> I thank my God always when I remember you <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>in every supplication of mine for all of you. I offer each supplication with joy, <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>because of the contribution you have made to* the good news from the first day until this moment.</p><p></p><p>Or “because of your participation in furthering.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Phil. 1:12-14)</strong></a> Now I want you to know, brothers, that my situation has actually turned out for the advancement of the good news, <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>so that my prison bonds for the sake of Christ have become public knowledge among all the Prae·toʹri·an Guard and all the rest. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>Now most of the brothers in the Lord have gained confidence because of my prison bonds, and they are showing all the more courage to speak the word of God fearlessly.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:25)</strong></a> not forsaking our meeting together, as some have the custom, but encouraging one another, and all the more so as you see the day drawing near.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
