<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, July 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Wednesday, July 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class="themeScrp"><em>His face shone as the sun, and his outer garments became brilliant.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 17:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">Jesus had invited Peter, James, and John to accompany him up into a high mountain. While there, they saw a remarkable vision. Jesus’ face shone brightly and his clothes glistened. Two figures, representing Moses and Elijah, began talking to Jesus about his coming death and resurrection. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 9:29-32</a>) Next, a bright cloud covered them, and they heard a voice from the cloud​—God’s voice! The vision gave a preview of Jesus’ future glory and power as King of God’s Kingdom. No doubt, Christ was encouraged and fortified for the sufferings and painful death he would endure. The vision also built up the disciples’ faith and strengthened them for the tests of integrity and years of hard work that lay ahead. Some 30 years later, the apostle Peter referred to the vision of the transfiguration, showing that the vision was still vivid in his mind.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Pet. 1:16-18</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.03 </em>10 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 17:2)</strong></a> And he was transfigured before them; his face shone as the sun, and his outer garments became brilliant* as the light.</p><p></p><p>Or “white.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 9:29-32)</strong></a> And as he was praying, the appearance of his face changed and his clothing became glitteringly white.* <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>And look! two men were conversing with him; they were Moses and E·liʹjah. <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>These appeared with glory and began talking about his departure, which he was about to fulfill at Jerusalem. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>Now Peter and those with him were weighed down with sleep, but when they became fully awake, they saw his glory and the two men standing with him.</p><p></p><p>Or “as bright as a flash of lightning.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 1:16-18)</strong></a> No, it was not by following artfully contrived false stories that we made known to you the power and presence of our Lord Jesus Christ, but rather, we were eyewitnesses of his magnificence. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>For he received from God the Father honor and glory when words such as these* were conveyed to him by the magnificent glory: “This is my Son, my beloved, whom I myself have approved.” <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>Yes, these words we heard coming from heaven while we were with him in the holy mountain.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “such a voice.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
