<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, July 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Tuesday, July 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>When anyone replies to a matter before he hears the facts, it is foolish and humiliating.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 18:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">There is danger in quickly forwarding e-mails and text messages. In some lands, our work is under restriction or outright ban. Our opposers in such lands may purposely circulate reports designed to instill fear or to cause us to distrust one another. Consider what happened in the former Soviet Union. The secret police, known as the KGB, spread rumors that various prominent brothers had betrayed Jehovah’s people. Many put confidence in such false reports, and as a result, they separated themselves from Jehovah’s organization. How sad! Thankfully, many later returned, but some never did. Their faith was shipwrecked. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Tim. 1:19</a>) How can we avoid such a disastrous outcome? Refuse to circulate negative or unsubstantiated reports. Do not be naive, or gullible. Be sure you have the facts. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>4 ¶8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 18:13)</strong></a> When anyone replies to a matter before he hears the facts, It is foolish and humiliating.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 1:19)</strong></a> holding faith and a good conscience, which some have thrust aside, resulting in the shipwreck of their faith.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
