<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, July 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47">Thursday, July 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class="themeScrp"><em>We recommend ourselves as God’s ministers, . . . by truthful speech.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Cor. 6:4,</a></em><span id="citationsource2"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2"> 7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">What is one way that true Christians distinguish themselves from members of false religions? We “speak the truth.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Zech. 8:16, 17</a>) We will tell the truth in ways big and small​—to strangers, coworkers, friends, and loved ones. What if you are a young person who wants to fit in with your peers? Make sure that you never lead a double life, appearing to be chaste when around family and the congregation but acting entirely different when around worldly youths and on social media. That is living a lie, playing false to your parents, to fellow worshippers, and to God. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 26:4, 5</a>) Jehovah knows when we are only ‘honoring him with our lips, but our heart is far removed from him.’ (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Mark 7:6</a>) How much better it is to do as the proverb says: “Let your heart not envy sinners, but be in the fear of Jehovah all day long.”​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Prov. 23:17</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.10 </em>9 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 6:4)</strong></a> but in every way we recommend ourselves as God’s ministers, by the endurance of much, by tribulations, by times of need, by difficulties,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 6:7)</strong></a> by truthful speech, by God’s power; through the weapons of righteousness in the right hand* and in the left,*</p><p></p><p>Perhaps for offense.</p><p>Perhaps for defense.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Zech. 8:16, 17)</strong></a> “‘These are the things you should do: Speak the truth with one another, and the judgments in your gates must promote truth and peace. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Do not scheme calamity against one another in your hearts, and do not love any false oath; for these are all things that I hate,’ declares Jehovah.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 26:4, 5)</strong></a> I do not associate* with deceitful men, And I avoid those who hide what they are.*  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>I hate the company of evil men, And I refuse to associate* with the wicked.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “sit.”</p><p>Or “I do not mingle with hypocrites.”</p><p>Lit., “sit.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Mark 7:6)</strong></a> He said to them: “Isaiah aptly prophesied about you hypocrites, as it is written, ‘This people honor me with their lips, but their hearts are far removed from me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Prov. 23:17)</strong></a> Let your heart not envy sinners, But be in the fear of Jehovah all day long,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
