<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, July 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Saturday, July 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="themeScrp"><em>I ponder over your reminders.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 119:99</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">In order to benefit from God’s laws, we must grow to love and respect them. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Amos 5:15</a>) But how do we actually do that? A key is to learn to view things the way Jehovah views them. To illustrate: Imagine that you are having difficulty sleeping well. Your doctor prescribes a program involving diet, exercise, and lifestyle changes. After trying the program, you find that it works! You probably would greatly appreciate your doctor for helping you to improve the quality of your life. In like manner, our Creator has given us laws that can protect us from the damaging effects of sin and thus improve our life. Think about how we benefit from following the Bible’s laws about lying, scheming, stealing, sexual immorality, violence, and spiritism. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 6:16-19;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Rev. 21:8</a>) When we experience the rich rewards that come from doing things Jehovah’s way, our heart naturally grows in love and appreciation for both Jehovah and his laws. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>17 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:99)</strong></a> I have more insight than all my teachers, Because I ponder over* your reminders.</p><p></p><p>Or “study.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Amos 5:15)</strong></a> Hate what is bad, and love what is good, Let justice prevail in the city gate. It may be that Jehovah the God of armies Will show favor to the remaining ones of Joseph.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 6:16-19)</strong></a> There are six things that Jehovah hates; Yes, seven things that he* detests: <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Haughty eyes, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood, <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>A heart plotting wicked schemes, and feet that run quickly to evil, <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>A false witness who lies with every breath, And anyone sowing contentions among brothers.</p><p></p><p>Or “his soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rev. 21:8)</strong></a> But as for the cowards and those without faith and those who are disgusting in their filth and murderers and the sexually immoral* and those practicing spiritism and idolaters and all the liars, their portion will be in the lake that burns with fire and sulfur. This means the second death.”</p><p></p><p>See Glossary, “Sexual immorality.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
