<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, July 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14"><span id="page69" class="pageNum" data-no="69" data-before-text="69"></span>Sunday, July 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class="themeScrp"><em>He let himself be afflicted, but he would not open his mouth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 53:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">When we are under stress, it is difficult to be meek. Our words may become harsh and our tone cold. If you have ever felt stressed, consider the example of Jesus. During the final months of his life on earth, Jesus was under intense stress. He knew that he would be executed and that he would suffer terribly. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 3:14, 15;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Gal. 3:13</a>) Some months before his death, he said that he was distressed. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Luke 12:50</a>) And just days before his death, Jesus said: “I am troubled.” We can sense his humility and his submissiveness to God as he poured out his feelings in prayer. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">John 12:27, 28</a>) When the time came, Jesus courageously handed himself over to God’s enemies, who executed him in the most agonizing and humiliating way possible. Despite the stress, despite the suffering, Jesus meekly did God’s will. Without a doubt, we can say that Jesus is the most outstanding example of someone showing meekness under stress!​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Isa. 53:10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>11 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 53:7)</strong></a> He was oppressed and he let himself be afflicted, But he would not open his mouth. He was brought like a sheep to the slaughter, Like a ewe that is silent before its shearers, And he would not open his mouth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 3:14, 15)</strong></a> And just as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, so the Son of man must be lifted up, <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>so that everyone believing in him may have everlasting life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gal. 3:13)</strong></a> Christ purchased us, releasing us from the curse of the Law by becoming a curse instead of us, because it is written: “Accursed is every man hung upon a stake.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 12:50)</strong></a> Indeed, I have a baptism with which to be baptized, and how I am distressed until it is finished!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 12:27, 28)</strong></a> Now I am troubled, and what should I say? Father, save me out of this hour. Nevertheless, this is why I have come to this hour. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>Father, glorify your name.” Then a voice came out of heaven: “I have glorified it and will glorify it again.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Isa. 53:10)</strong></a> But it was Jehovah’s will* to crush him, and he let him become sick. If you will present his life* as a guilt offering, He will see his offspring,* he will prolong his days, And through him the delight* of Jehovah will have success.</p><p></p><p>Or “But Jehovah took delight.”</p><p>Or “soul.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Or “will; good pleasure.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
