<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, July 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32"><span id="page71" class="pageNum" data-no="71" data-before-text="71"></span>Saturday, July 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class="themeScrp"><em>The days of my people will be like the days of a tree.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 65:22</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">Will the time come when our days “will be like the days of a tree”? Some trees live thousands of years. Humans would have to be healthy in order to have lifespans of such length. If they could live in the conditions that Isaiah foretold, it would be a dream come true, a paradise! And that prophecy will be fulfilled! Reflect on how the promises point to a future paradise: People of the whole earth will be blessed by God. No one will face danger from animals or beastlike humans. The blind, deaf, and lame will be cured. People will be able to build their own homes and enjoy growing wholesome food. They will live longer than trees. Yes, we find indications in the Bible that such a future is ahead. Still, some might claim that we are reading more into those prophecies than is justified. What solid reason do you have to look forward to a real paradise on earth? The greatest man who ever lived provided a solid reason.​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 23:43</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>5 ¶13-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 65:22)</strong></a> They will not build for someone else to inhabit, Nor will they plant for others to eat. For the days of my people will be like the days of a tree, And the work of their hands my chosen ones will enjoy to the full.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 23:43)</strong></a> And he said to him: “Truly I tell you today, you will be with me in Paradise.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
