<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, July 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41"><span id="page72" class="pageNum" data-no="72" data-before-text="72"></span>Tuesday, July 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>Buy truth and never sell it.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 23:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">We do not find the truth in God’s Word without effort. We must be willing to make whatever sacrifices are needed to obtain it. As the wise writer of Proverbs notes, once we “buy,” or acquire, “truth,” we must be careful not to “sell,” or lose, it. Even something that is free may come at a cost. The Hebrew word translated “buy” at <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Proverbs 23:23</a> can also mean “acquire.” Both words imply making an effort or exchanging something for an item of value. We might illustrate the idea of buying truth this way. Let us say that a market advertises “Free Bananas.” Will those bananas miraculously appear on our table? No. We have to make the effort to go to the market to pick them up. Are the bananas free? Yes, but we must expend the effort and take the time to go to the market. Similarly, we do not need money to buy truth. However, we must make an effort to obtain it. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>4 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 23:23)</strong></a> Buy* truth and never sell it, Also wisdom and discipline and understanding.</p><p></p><p>Or “Acquire.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 23:23)</strong></a> Buy* truth and never sell it, Also wisdom and discipline and understanding.</p><p></p><p>Or “Acquire.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
