<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, July 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Monday, July 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>Oppose the Devil, and he will flee from you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jas. 4:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">Only three books of the Hebrew Scriptures, 1 Chronicles, Job, and Zechariah, mention Satan, which means “Resister.” Why was little said about our enemy prior to the arrival of the Messiah? Apparently, Jehovah did not want to give Satan undue prominence by devoting large portions of the Hebrew Scriptures to discussing him and his activity. Jehovah’s primary purpose for inspiring that section of the Scriptures was to identify the Messiah and lead God’s people to him. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 24:44;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Gal. 3:24</a>) When that was accomplished and the Messiah arrived, Jehovah used him and his disciples to reveal much of what we know about Satan and the angels who joined him. That is fitting, since it is Jesus and his anointed corulers whom Jehovah will use to crush Satan and his followers. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rom. 16:20;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Rev. 17:14;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 20:10</a>) Remember, the Devil’s power is limited. We are backed by Jehovah, Jesus, and the faithful angels. With their help, we can resist our enemy. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>22-23 ¶2-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jas. 4:7)</strong></a> Therefore, subject yourselves to God; but oppose the Devil, and he will flee from you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 24:44)</strong></a> He then said to them: “These are my words that I spoke to you while I was yet with you, that all the things written about me in the Law of Moses and in the Prophets and Psalms must be fulfilled.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gal. 3:24)</strong></a> So the Law became our guardian* leading to Christ, so that we might be declared righteous through faith.</p><p></p><p>Or “tutor.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 16:20)</strong></a> For his part, the God who gives peace will crush Satan under your feet shortly. May the undeserved kindness of our Lord Jesus be with you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rev. 17:14)</strong></a> These will battle with the Lamb, but because he is Lord of lords and King of kings, the Lamb will conquer them. Also, those with him who are called and chosen and faithful will do so.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rev. 20:10)</strong></a> And the Devil who was misleading them was hurled into the lake of fire and sulfur, where both the wild beast and the false prophet already were; and they will be tormented* day and night forever and ever.</p><p></p><p>Or “restrained; imprisoned.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
