<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, July 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5"><span id="page68" class="pageNum" data-no="68" data-before-text="68"></span>Thursday, July 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>If the Son sets you free, you will be truly free.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 8:36</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">Jesus was talking about liberation from the greatest bondage and oppression that humankind has ever experienced​—being “a slave of sin.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 8:34</a>) Not only can sin lead us to doing what is bad but it can also prevent us from doing what we know is right or from living up to what we know we are capable of. In that sense we are slaves of sin, and the outcome is frustration, pain, suffering, and finally death. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 6:23</a>) It is only when the shackles of sin are thrown off that we can hope to have the true freedom that our first human parents once enjoyed. Jesus’ statement “if you remain in my word” implies that there are certain requirements or boundaries for being set free by him. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">John 8:31</a>) As dedicated Christians, we have disowned ourselves and have chosen to live within the bounds of Christ’s teachings as his disciples. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 16:24</a>) Just as Jesus promised, we will be truly free when the benefits of his ransom sacrifice are fully applied to us. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>7 ¶14-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 8:36)</strong></a> So if the Son sets you free, you will be truly free.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 8:34)</strong></a> Jesus answered them: “Most truly I say to you, every doer of sin is a slave of sin.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 6:23)</strong></a> For the wages sin pays is death, but the gift God gives is everlasting life by Christ Jesus our Lord.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 8:31)</strong></a> Then Jesus went on to say to the Jews who had believed him: “If you remain in my word, you are really my disciples,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 16:24)</strong></a> Then Jesus said to his disciples: “If anyone wants to come after me, let him disown himself and pick up his torture stake and keep following me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
