<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, July 31
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p92" data-pid="92">Friday, July 31</h2>
</header>
<p id="p93" data-pid="93" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah is the Spirit, and where the spirit of Jehovah is, there is freedom.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Cor. 3:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p94" data-pid="94" class="p94">To enjoy and benefit from that freedom, we must ‘turn to Jehovah,’ that is, come into a personal relationship with him. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 3:16</a>) The Israelites in the wilderness did not view Jehovah’s dealings with them in a spiritual way. It was as if their hearts and minds were veiled and hardened, focused only on using their newfound freedom from Egypt in a physical, or fleshly, way. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Heb. 3:8-10</a>) The freedom that is associated with the spirit of Jehovah, however, is more than liberation from physical slavery. Far beyond what human efforts can hope to achieve, the spirit of Jehovah brings liberation from enslavement to sin and death, as well as from slavery to false worship and its practices. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rom. 6:23;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 8:2</a>) What a glorious freedom that is! A person can enjoy the benefits of such freedom even when imprisoned or enslaved.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Gen. 39:20-23</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>9 ¶3-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p95" data-pid="95" class="p95"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 3:17)</strong></a> Now Jehovah* is the Spirit, and where the spirit of Jehovah* is, there is freedom.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 3:16)</strong></a> But when one turns to Jehovah,* the veil is taken away.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 3:8-10)</strong></a> do not harden your hearts as on the occasion of provoking to bitter anger, as in the day of testing in the wilderness, <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>where your forefathers put me to the test and tried me, despite seeing my works for 40 years. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>This is why I became disgusted with this generation and said: ‘They always go astray in their hearts, and they have not come to know my ways.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 6:23)</strong></a> For the wages sin pays is death, but the gift God gives is everlasting life by Christ Jesus our Lord.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:2)</strong></a> For the law of the spirit that gives life in union with Christ Jesus has set you free from the law of sin and of death.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Gen. 39:20-23)</strong></a> So Joseph’s master took him and gave him over to the prison, the place where the prisoners of the king were kept under arrest, and he remained there in the prison. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>But Jehovah continued with Joseph and kept showing loyal love to him and granting him favor in the eyes of the chief officer of the prison. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>So the chief officer of the prison put Joseph in charge of all the prisoners in the prison, and everything that they were doing there, he was the one having it done. <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>The chief officer of the prison was looking after absolutely nothing that was in Joseph’s care, for Jehovah was with Joseph and Jehovah made whatever he did successful.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
