<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, July 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Tuesday, July 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class="themeScrp"><em>He takes away every branch in me not bearing fruit.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 15:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">Jehovah views us as his servants <em>only if we bear fruit. </em>(<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 13:23;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 21:43</a>) Hence, in the illustration found at <span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">John 15:1-5</a>, the fruitage that each Christian <em>must </em>bear cannot refer to new disciples whom we may be privileged to make. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 28:19</a>) Otherwise, faithful Witnesses who do not succeed in making disciples because of preaching in an unresponsive territory would be like the barren branches in Jesus’ illustration. However, such a conclusion is unthinkable! Why? Because we cannot force people to become disciples. It would go against Jehovah’s loving ways to disqualify his servants for failing to do something that is beyond their reach. Whatever Jehovah asks of us is always reachable. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Deut. 30:11-14</a>) What, then, is the fruit we must bear? Clearly, the fruit must refer to an activity that each of us is able to carry out. What activity? The preaching of the good news of God’s Kingdom.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Matt. 24:14</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>14 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 15:2)</strong></a> He takes away every branch in me not bearing fruit, and he cleans every one bearing fruit, so that it may bear more fruit.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 13:23)</strong></a> As for the one sown upon the fine soil, this is the one hearing the word and getting the sense of it, who really does bear fruit and produces, this one 100 times more, that one 60, the other 30.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 21:43)</strong></a> This is why I say to you, the Kingdom of God will be taken from you and be given to a nation producing its fruits.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 15:1-5)</strong></a> “I am the true vine, and my Father is the cultivator. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>He takes away every branch in me not bearing fruit, and he cleans every one bearing fruit, so that it may bear more fruit. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>You are already clean because of the word that I have spoken to you. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Remain in union with me, and I will remain in union with you. Just as the branch cannot bear fruit by itself unless it remains in the vine, neither can you unless you remain in union with me. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>I am the vine; you are the branches. Whoever remains in union with me and I in union with him, this one bears much fruit; for apart from me you can do* nothing at all.</p><p></p><p>Or “produce.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Deut. 30:11-14)</strong></a> “Now this commandment that I am commanding you today is not too difficult for you, nor is it beyond your reach.* <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>It is not in the heavens, so that you have to say, ‘Who will ascend to the heavens and get it for us, so that we may hear it and observe it?’ <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Nor is it on the other side of the sea, so that you have to say, ‘Who will cross over to the other side of the sea and get it for us, so that we may hear it and observe it?’ <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>For the word is very near you, in your own mouth and in your own heart, so that you may do it.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “nor is it far away.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:14)</strong></a> And this good news of the Kingdom will be preached in all the inhabited earth for a witness to all the nations, and then the end will come.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
