<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, July 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89">Thursday, July 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class="themeScrp"><em>You must assist those who are weak and must keep in mind the words of the Lord Jesus, when he himself said: “There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving.”​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 20:35</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">Jesus Christ, through his anointed brothers and supportive “princes” of the other sheep, provides encouragement and guidance to despondent and discouraged ones in this time of need. That is as it should be, for these elders are not “masters” over the faith of others but “are fellow workers” for the joy of their brothers. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 32:1, 2;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 2 Cor. 1:24</a>) The apostle Paul set an example to be imitated. He wrote to the persecuted Christians in Thessalonica: “Having tender affection for you, we were determined to impart to you, not only the good news of God but also our very selves, because you became so beloved to us.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Thess. 2:8</a>) Showing that just a word of encouragement does not always suffice, Paul told the elders from Ephesus the words of today’s text. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>21-22 ¶6-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 20:35)</strong></a> I have shown you in all things that by working hard in this way, you must assist those who are weak and must keep in mind the words of the Lord Jesus, when he himself said: ‘There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 32:1, 2)</strong></a> Look! A king will reign for righteousness, And princes will rule for justice.  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>And each one will be like a hiding place* from the wind, A place of concealment* from the rainstorm, Like streams of water in a waterless land, Like the shadow of a massive crag in a parched land.</p><p></p><p>Or “a shelter.”</p><p>Or “A refuge.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 1:24)</strong></a> Not that we are the masters over your faith, but we are fellow workers for your joy, for it is by your faith that you are standing.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 2:8)</strong></a> So having tender affection for you, we were determined* to impart to you, not only the good news of God but also our very selves,* because you became so beloved to us.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “well-pleased.”</p><p>Or “souls.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
