<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, July 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86"><span id="page77" class="pageNum" data-no="77" data-before-text="77"></span>Wednesday, July 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="themeScrp"><em>You are from your father the Devil, . . . a liar and the father of the lie.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 8:44</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">Whether called pastors, priests, rabbis, swamis, or by some other title, religious leaders abound in the world today. Like their first-century counterparts, they are “suppressing the truth” from God’s Word and have “exchanged the truth of God for the lie.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 1:18,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 25</a>) They promote such false teachings as “once saved, always saved,” the immortality of the human soul, reincarnation, and the foolish idea that God would condone homosexual lifestyles and same-sex marriages. Politicians have used lies to mislead mankind. One of the biggest lies is yet to be heard when men proclaim that they have achieved “peace and security!” But “then sudden destruction is to be instantly on them.” May we not be taken in by their attempt to minimize how precarious this system of things really is! In truth, we “know very well that Jehovah’s day is coming exactly as a thief in the night.”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Thess. 5:1-4</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.10 </em>7-8 ¶6-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 8:44)</strong></a> You are from your father the Devil, and you wish to do the desires of your father. That one was a murderer when he began, and he did not stand fast in the truth, because truth is not in him. When he speaks the lie, he speaks according to his own disposition, because he is a liar and the father of the lie.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:18)</strong></a> For God’s wrath is being revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men who are suppressing the truth in an unrighteous way,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:25)</strong></a> They exchanged the truth of God for the lie and venerated* and rendered sacred service to the creation rather than the Creator, who is praised forever. Amen.</p><p></p><p>Or “worshipped.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:1-4)</strong></a> Now as for the times and the seasons, brothers, you need nothing to be written to you. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>For you yourselves know very well that Jehovah’s* day is coming exactly as a thief in the night. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Whenever it is that they are saying, “Peace and security!” then sudden destruction is to be instantly on them, just like birth pains on a pregnant woman, and they will by no means escape. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>But you, brothers, you are not in darkness, so that the day should overtake you as it would thieves,</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
