<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, July 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Saturday, July 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class="themeScrp"><em>All things are naked and openly exposed to the eyes of the one to whom we must give an account.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 4:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">Under the Mosaic Law, appointed older men were responsible for handling not only spiritual matters but also civil and criminal cases. Consider a few examples. If an Israelite killed someone, he was not arbitrarily executed. The elders of his city would investigate the circumstances before deciding if the death penalty was appropriate. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Deut. 19:2-7,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 11-13</a>) The elders also judged numerous aspects of daily life​—from resolving public controversies over property to settling private marital disputes. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ex. 21:35;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Deut. 22:13-19</a>) When the elders were fair and the Israelites obeyed the Law, everyone benefited, and the nation brought honor to Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Lev. 20:7, 8;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> Isa. 48:17, 18</a>) From this we see that every aspect of our life is important to Jehovah. He wants us to be just and loving when dealing with others. And he takes notice of what we say and do, even in the privacy of our home. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>23 ¶16-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 4:13)</strong></a> And there is not a creation that is hidden from his sight, but all things are naked and openly exposed to the eyes of the one to whom we must give an account.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Deut. 19:2-7)</strong></a> you should set apart three cities in the midst of your land that Jehovah your God is giving you to possess. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>You should divide the territory of the land that Jehovah your God has given you to possess into three parts, and prepare the roads so that any manslayer can flee to one of those cities. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>“Now this is what should take place regarding the manslayer who may flee there in order to live: When he strikes his fellow man unintentionally and he did not previously hate him; <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>as when he goes with his fellow man into the forest to gather wood and he raises his hand to cut the tree with the ax, but the axhead flies off the handle and hits his fellow man and he dies, the manslayer should flee to one of these cities to live. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>Otherwise, in the heat of anger,* the avenger of blood may chase after the manslayer, overtake him, and kill him, because the distance to the city was too far. However, he did not deserve to die, since he did not previously hate his fellow man. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>That is why I am commanding you: ‘Set three cities apart.’</p><p></p><p>Lit., “because his heart is hot.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Deut. 19:11-13)</strong></a> “But if a man hated his fellow man and he was waiting to attack him and he fatally wounded him* and he died, and the man has fled to one of these cities, <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>the elders of his city should then summon him from there and deliver him into the hand of the avenger of blood, and he must die. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>You* should not feel sorry for him, and you must remove the guilt of innocent blood out of Israel, so that it may go well for you.</p><p></p><p>Or “his soul.”</p><p>Lit., “Your eye.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ex. 21:35)</strong></a> If a man’s bull hurts another’s bull and it dies, then they must sell the live bull and divide the price paid for it; they should also divide the dead animal.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Deut. 22:13-19)</strong></a> “If a man takes a wife and has relations with her but then comes to hate her* <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>and he accuses her of misconduct and gives her a bad name by saying: ‘I have taken this woman, but when I had relations with her, I did not find evidence that she was a virgin,’ <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>the father and mother of the girl should produce the evidence of the girl’s virginity for the elders at the gate of the city. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>The girl’s father must say to the elders, ‘I gave my daughter to this man as a wife, but he hates* her <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>and is accusing her of misconduct by saying: “I have found out that your daughter does not have evidence of virginity.” Now this is the evidence of my daughter’s virginity.’ They will then spread out the cloth before the elders of the city. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>The city elders will take the man and discipline him. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>They will fine him 100 silver shekels* and give them to the girl’s father, because the man defamed a virgin of Israel, and she will continue to be his wife. He will not be allowed to divorce her as long as he lives.</p><p></p><p>Or “then rejects her.”</p><p>Or “rejects.”</p><p>A shekel equaled 11.4 g (0.367 oz t). See App. B14.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Lev. 20:7, 8)</strong></a> “‘You must sanctify yourselves and become holy, because I am Jehovah your God. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>And you must keep my statutes and carry them out. I am Jehovah, who is sanctifying you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Isa. 48:17, 18)</strong></a> This is what Jehovah says, your Repurchaser, the Holy One of Israel: “I, Jehovah, am your God, The One teaching you to benefit yourself,* The One guiding you in the way you should walk. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>If only you would pay attention to my commandments! Then your peace would become just like a river And your righteousness like the waves of the sea.</p><p></p><p>Or “for your own good.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
