<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, July 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Tuesday, July 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class="themeScrp"><em>The whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 John 5:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">Satan wants us to become like him​—a rebel who ignores Jehovah’s standards and is motivated by selfishness. He surrounds us with people who are already corrupted by him and hopes that they will “spoil” or “corrupt” the way we think and act. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 15:33</a>; ftn.) Satan also tries to infect our heart by getting us to trust human wisdom rather than Jehovah’s thinking. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Col. 2:8</a>) Consider just one idea promoted by Satan​—that getting rich should be a primary goal in life. Those who think this way might become wealthy, or they might not. Either way, they are in danger. Why? Because they may become so focused on making money that they will sacrifice their health, their family relationships, and even their friendship with God just to reach their goal. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Tim. 6:10</a>) We can be grateful that our wise heavenly Father helps us to have a balanced view of money.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Eccl. 7:12;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Luke 12:15</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>15 ¶6;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation2"> 17 ¶9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 John 5:19)</strong></a> We know that we originate with God, but the whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:33)</strong></a> Do not be misled. Bad associations spoil useful habits.*</p><p></p><p>Or “corrupt good morals.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Col. 2:8)</strong></a> Look out that no one takes you captive* by means of the philosophy and empty deception according to human tradition, according to the elementary things of the world and not according to Christ;</p><p></p><p>Or “carries you off as his prey.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 6:10)</strong></a> For the love of money is a root of all sorts of injurious things, and by reaching out for this love some have been led astray from the faith and have stabbed themselves all over with many pains.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Eccl. 7:12)</strong></a> For wisdom is a protection just as money is a protection, but the advantage of knowledge is this: Wisdom preserves the life of its owner.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Luke 12:15)</strong></a> Then he said to them: “Keep your eyes open and guard against every sort of greed, because even when a person has an abundance, his life does not result from the things he possesses.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
