<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, July 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020006"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71">Friday, July 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class="themeScrp"><em>Beware of the scribes . . . who love greetings in the marketplaces . . . and the most prominent places at evening meals.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 20:46</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">What is the greatest form of recognition that we can strive for? It is not the kind of attention that people seek in the academic, business, and entertainment fields of this world. Rather, it is the kind that Paul described for us in these words: “Now that you have come to know God or, rather, have <em>come to be known by God, </em>how is it that you are turning back again to the weak and beggarly elementary things and want to slave for them over again?” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gal. 4:9</a>) What a wonderful privilege it is to “come to be known by God,” the Supreme Ruler of the universe! He is willing to have an intimate relationship with us. As one scholar stated, we “become objects of his favourable attention.” When Jehovah acknowledges us as his friends, we achieve the very reason for our existence.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eccl. 12:13, 14</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020006-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>8 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 20:46)</strong></a> “Beware of the scribes who like to walk around in robes and who love greetings in the marketplaces and front seats in the synagogues and the most prominent places at evening meals,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gal. 4:9)</strong></a> But now that you have come to know God or, rather, have come to be known by God, how is it that you are turning back again to the weak and beggarly elementary things and want to slave for them over again?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eccl. 12:13, 14)</strong></a> The conclusion of the matter, everything having been heard, is: Fear the true God and keep his commandments, for this is the whole obligation of man. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>For the true God will judge every deed, including every hidden thing, as to whether it is good or bad.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
