<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, August 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Friday, August 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>Keep encouraging one another and building one another up.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Thess. 5:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">How can we build up others in love? One way is to be a good listener. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jas. 1:19</a>) To listen with empathy is an act of love. You may ask tactful and sympathetic questions with the aim of understanding the feelings of a sufferer. You will then be able to show empathy and to build up your fellow servant. Let your facial expressions reflect your sincere, loving concern. If the other Christian feels the need to explain things in greater detail, be patient and resist any urge to interrupt. By listening patiently, you will more likely understand the feelings involved. That can help your suffering brother or sister to have confidence in you and thus be more inclined to listen to what you say as you strive to be upbuilding. When you show that you truly care, your loving concern can be very comforting. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>14 ¶10;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation2"> 15 ¶13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:11)</strong></a> Therefore, keep encouraging* one another and building one another up, just as you are in fact doing.</p><p></p><p>Or “comforting.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:19)</strong></a> Know this, my beloved brothers: Everyone must be quick to listen, slow to speak, slow to anger,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
