<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, August 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Wednesday, August 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class="themeScrp"><em>Noah </em>[<em>was</em>] <em>a preacher of righteousness.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Pet. 2:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">Noah’s preaching work prior to the Flood evidently included a warning of coming destruction. Note what Jesus stated: “For as they were in those days before the Flood, eating and drinking, men marrying and women being given in marriage, until the day that Noah entered into the ark, and <em>they took no note </em>until the Flood came and swept them all away, so the presence of the Son of man will be.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 24:38, 39</a>) Despite the people’s indifference, Noah faithfully proclaimed the warning message that he had been given. Today, we preach the Kingdom message to give people an opportunity to learn about God’s will for mankind. Like Jehovah, we dearly wish that people would respond to the message and “keep living.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ezek. 18:23</a>) At the same time, when we preach from house to house and in public areas, we warn as many people as possible that God’s Kingdom will come and bring an end to this ungodly world.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ezek. 3:18, 19;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Dan. 2:44;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Rev. 14:6, 7</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>19 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 2:5)</strong></a> And he did not refrain from punishing an ancient world, but kept Noah, a preacher of righteousness, safe with seven others when he brought a flood upon a world of ungodly people.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:38, 39)</strong></a> For as they were in those days before the Flood, eating and drinking, men marrying and women being given in marriage, until the day that Noah entered into the ark, <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>and they took no note until the Flood came and swept them all away, so the presence of the Son of man will be.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ezek. 18:23)</strong></a> “‘Do I take any pleasure at all in the death of a wicked person?’ declares the Sovereign Lord Jehovah. ‘Do I not prefer that he turn away from his ways and keep living?’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ezek. 3:18, 19)</strong></a> When I say to someone wicked, ‘You will surely die,’ but you do not warn him, and you fail to speak in order to warn the wicked one to turn from his wicked course so that he may stay alive, he will die for his error because he is wicked, but I will ask his blood back from you.* <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>But if you warn someone wicked and he does not turn back from his wickedness and from his wicked course, he will die for his error, but you will certainly save your own life.*</p><p></p><p>Or “I will hold you accountable for his blood.”</p><p>Or “soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Dan. 2:44)</strong></a> “In the days of those kings the God of heaven will set up a kingdom that will never be destroyed. And this kingdom will not be passed on to any other people. It will crush and put an end to all these kingdoms, and it alone will stand forever,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rev. 14:6, 7)</strong></a> And I saw another angel flying in midheaven,* and he had everlasting good news to declare to those who dwell on the earth, to every nation and tribe and tongue* and people. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>He was saying in a loud voice: “Fear God and give him glory, because the hour of judgment by him has arrived, so worship the One who made the heaven and the earth and the sea and the springs* of water.”</p><p></p><p>Or “in midair; overhead.”</p><p>Or “language.”</p><p>Or “fountains.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
