<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, August 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Wednesday, August 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class="themeScrp"><em>There has never again arisen a prophet in Israel like Moses, whom Jehovah knew face-to-face.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Deut. 34:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">Moses certainly looked to Jehovah for direction and guidance. Indeed, “he continued steadfast as seeing the One who is invisible.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 11:24-27</a>) Less than two months after the Israelites left Egypt, a serious problem arose​—even before they arrived at Mount Sinai. The people started to complain about a lack of water. They began to murmur against Moses, and the situation became so serious that Moses cried out to Jehovah: “What should I do with this people? A little longer and they will stone me!” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ex. 17:4</a>) Jehovah responded by giving Moses clear instructions. He was to take his rod and strike the rock in Horeb, and then water would come gushing out. We read: “Moses did so before the eyes of the elders of Israel.” The Israelites drank their fill, and the problem was solved.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ex. 17:5, 6</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>13 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Deut. 34:10)</strong></a> But there has never again arisen a prophet in Israel like Moses, whom Jehovah knew face-to-face.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 11:24-27)</strong></a> By faith Moses, when grown up, refused to be called the son of Pharʹaoh’s daughter, <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>choosing to be mistreated with the people of God rather than to have the temporary enjoyment of sin, <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>because he considered the reproach of the Christ to be riches greater than the treasures of Egypt, for he looked intently toward the payment of the reward. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>By faith he left Egypt, but not fearing the anger of the king, for he continued steadfast as seeing the One who is invisible.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ex. 17:4)</strong></a> Finally Moses cried out to Jehovah: “What should I do with this people? A little longer and they will stone me!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ex. 17:5, 6)</strong></a> Then Jehovah said to Moses: “Go ahead of the people, and take with you some of the elders of Israel and your rod with which you struck the Nile River. Take it in your hand and walk on. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>Look! I will be standing before you there on the rock in Horʹeb. You must strike the rock, and water will come out of it, and the people will drink it.” Moses did so before the eyes of the elders of Israel.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
