<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, August 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Tuesday, August 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class="themeScrp"><em>There is . . . happiness in giving.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 20:35</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">Even though Jehovah was completely alone before he began to create, he was not thinking only of himself. On the contrary, he gave the gift of life to intelligent creatures, both spirit and human. “The happy God,” Jehovah, loves to give good things. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Tim. 1:11;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Jas. 1:17</a>) And since he also wants us to be happy, he teaches us to be generous. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rom. 1:20</a>) God made man in his image. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Gen. 1:27</a>) That is, we were created to reflect his personality. In order to attain happiness and fulfillment, then, we need to follow Jehovah’s example by being interested in others and by being generous givers. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Phil. 2:3, 4;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> Jas. 1:5</a>) Why? Quite simply because Jehovah lovingly designed humans that way. Despite our imperfection, we can succeed in imitating Jehovah’s generosity. Jehovah wants his human creation to imitate him, so it makes him happy when we are generous.​—<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Eph. 5:1</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>18 ¶1-2;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation2"> 19 ¶4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 20:35)</strong></a> I have shown you in all things that by working hard in this way, you must assist those who are weak and must keep in mind the words of the Lord Jesus, when he himself said: ‘There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 1:11)</strong></a> according to the glorious good news of the happy God, with which I was entrusted.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:17)</strong></a> Every good gift and every perfect present is from above, coming down from the Father of the celestial lights, who does not vary or change like the shifting shadows.*</p><p></p><p>Or “with whom there is not a variation of the turning of the shadow.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:20)</strong></a> For his invisible qualities are clearly seen from the world’s creation onward, because they are perceived by the things made, even his eternal power and Godship, so that they are inexcusable.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Gen. 1:27)</strong></a> And God went on to create the man in his image, in God’s image he created him; male and female he created them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:3, 4)</strong></a> Do nothing out of contentiousness or out of egotism, but with humility* consider others superior to you, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>as you look out not only for your own interests, but also for the interests of others.</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:5)</strong></a> So if any one of you is lacking in wisdom, let him keep asking God, for he gives generously to all and without reproaching,* and it will be given him.</p><p></p><p>Or “finding fault.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:1)</strong></a> Therefore, become imitators of God, as beloved children,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
