<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, August 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8">Monday, August 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class="themeScrp"><em>Continue putting up with one another.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 3:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">It was the final night of Jesus’ earthly life. Imagine the stress Jesus felt. Would he remain perfectly faithful until death? The lives of billions of people hung in the balance. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 5:18, 19</a>) Even more important, his Father’s reputation was involved. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Job 2:4</a>) Then, during his last meal with his closest friends, the apostles, their conversation degenerated into “a heated dispute” over “which one of them was considered to be the greatest.” Remarkably, Jesus did not become irritated. Instead, he responded with mildness. Kindly, but firmly, Jesus explained​—again—​the attitude they should have. And he then commended his friends for loyally sticking with him. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Luke 22:24-28;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> John 13:1-5,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 12-15</a>) We can imitate Jesus and remain mild-tempered even when we are under stress if we remember that we all say and do things that irritate others. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Prov. 12:18;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> Jas. 3:2,</a><span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9"> 5</a>) And try to mention the good that you see in others.​—<span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10">Eph. 4:29</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>11-12 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 3:13)</strong></a> Continue putting up with one another and forgiving one another freely even if anyone has a cause for complaint against another. Just as Jehovah* freely forgave you, you must also do the same.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 5:18, 19)</strong></a> So, then, as through one trespass the result to men of all sorts was condemnation, so too through one act of justification the result to men of all sorts is their being declared righteous for life. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>For just as through the disobedience of the one man many were made sinners, so also through the obedience of the one person many will be made righteous.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Job 2:4)</strong></a> But Satan answered Jehovah: “Skin for skin. A man will give everything that he has for his life.*</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 22:24-28)</strong></a> However, there also arose a heated dispute among them over which one of them was considered to be the greatest. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>But he said to them: “The kings of the nations lord it over them, and those having authority over them are called Benefactors. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>You, though, are not to be that way. But let the one who is the greatest among you become as the youngest, and the one taking the lead as the one ministering. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>For which one is greater, the one dining* or the one serving? Is it not the one dining?* But I am among you as the one serving. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>“However, you are the ones who have stuck with me in my trials;</p><p></p><p>Or “reclining at the table.”</p><p>Or “reclining at the table.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 13:1-5)</strong></a> Now because he knew before the festival of the Passover that his hour had come for him to leave this world and go to the Father, Jesus, having loved his own who were in the world, loved them to the end. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>The evening meal was going on,* and the Devil had already put it into the heart of Judas Is·carʹi·ot, the son of Simon, to betray him. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>So Jesus, knowing that the Father had given all things into his hands and that he came from God and was going to God, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>got up from the evening meal and laid aside his outer garments. And taking a towel, he wrapped it around his waist. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>After that he put water into a basin and started to wash the feet of the disciples and to dry them off with the towel that was wrapped around him.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “was being prepared.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(John 13:12-15)</strong></a> When, now, he had washed their feet and had put his outer garments on, he again reclined at the table and said to them: “Do you understand what I have done to you? <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>You address me as ‘Teacher’ and ‘Lord,’ and you are correct, for I am such. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>Therefore, if I, the Lord and Teacher, washed your feet, you also should wash the feet of one another. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>For I set the pattern for you, that just as I did to you, you should also do.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Prov. 12:18)</strong></a> Thoughtless speech is like the stabs of a sword, But the tongue of the wise is a healing.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Jas. 3:2)</strong></a> For we all stumble* many times. If anyone does not stumble in word, he is a perfect man, able to bridle also his whole body.</p><p></p><p>Or “make mistakes.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Jas. 3:5)</strong></a> So, too, the tongue is a small part of the body, and yet it makes great brags. See how small a fire it takes to set a great forest ablaze!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:29)</strong></a> Let a rotten word not come out of your mouth, but only what is good for building up as the need may be, to impart what is beneficial to the hearers.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
