<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, August 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38"><span id="page82" class="pageNum" data-no="82" data-before-text="82"></span>Thursday, August 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class="themeScrp"><em>The one who testifies faithfully will tell the truth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 12:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">What should you do if the authorities restrict the Kingdom activity in your land and you are called in for questioning about your brothers? Must you tell them everything you know? What did Jesus do when he was interrogated by the Roman governor? In line with the Scriptural principle that there is “a time to be silent and a time to speak,” Jesus at times said nothing at all! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eccl. 3:1,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 7;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Matt. 27:11-14</a>) In such a setting, discretion is the better course, so that we do not put our brothers at risk. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Prov. 10:19;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 11:12</a>) What will you do if a close friend or relative has committed a serious sin and you know about the matter? “Tell the truth.” You have a responsibility to tell the elders the whole truth, and you must not distort it. They have a right to know the facts so that they can determine the best way to help the wrongdoer restore his or her relationship with Jehovah.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Jas. 5:14, 15</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.10 </em>10 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 12:17)</strong></a> The one who testifies faithfully will tell the truth,* But a false witness speaks deceit.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “what is righteous.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eccl. 3:1)</strong></a> There is an appointed time for everything, A time for every activity under the heavens:</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eccl. 3:7)</strong></a> A time to rip apart and a time to sew together; A time to be silent and a time to speak;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 27:11-14)</strong></a> Jesus now stood before the governor, and the governor put the question to him: “Are you the King of the Jews?” Jesus replied: “You yourself say it.” <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>But while he was being accused by the chief priests and elders, he made no answer. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Then Pilate said to him: “Do you not hear how many things they are testifying against you?” <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>But he did not answer him, no, not a word, so that the governor was very surprised.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Prov. 10:19)</strong></a> When words are many, transgression cannot be avoided, But whoever controls his lips acts discreetly.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Prov. 11:12)</strong></a> Whoever is lacking good sense* shows contempt for* his neighbor, But the man of true discernment remains silent.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “in want of heart.”</p><p>Or “despises.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Jas. 5:14, 15)</strong></a> Is there anyone sick among you? Let him call the elders of the congregation to him, and let them pray over him, applying oil to him in the name of Jehovah.* <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>And the prayer of faith will make the sick one* well, and Jehovah* will raise him up. Also, if he has committed sins, he will be forgiven.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Or possibly, “tired one.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
