<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, August 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page78" class="pageNum" data-no="78" data-before-text="78"></span><strong>August</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Saturday, August 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp"><em>God recommends his own love to us in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 5:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">At meetings we are regularly reminded of what Jehovah and Jesus have done for us. Filled with gratitude, we try to imitate Jesus by how we live each day. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 5:14, 15</a>) In addition, our heart stirs us to praise Jehovah for providing the ransom. One way we can praise him is by making heartfelt comments at our meetings. We can show the depth of our love for Jehovah and his Son by being willing to make sacrifices for them. Often, we must make sacrifices of various kinds to attend our meetings. Many congregations hold one meeting at the end of a workday when we are most likely tired. And another meeting is held on the weekend when other people are resting. Does Jehovah notice that we attend our meetings even though we are tired? Certainly he does! In fact, the greater our struggle, the more Jehovah appreciates the love we show for him.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Mark 12:41-44</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>29 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 5:8)</strong></a> But God recommends his own love to us* in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.</p><p></p><p>Or “demonstrates (shows) his own love for us.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 5:14, 15)</strong></a> For the love the Christ has compels us, because this is what we have concluded, that one man died for all; so, then, all had died. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>And he died for all so that those who live should live no longer for themselves, but for him who died for them and was raised up.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Mark 12:41-44)</strong></a> And he sat down with the treasury chests in view and began observing how the crowd was dropping money into the treasury chests, and many rich people were dropping in many coins. <strong><sup>42 </sup></strong>Now a poor widow came and dropped in two small coins of very little value. <strong><sup>43 </sup></strong>So he called his disciples to him and said to them: “Truly I say to you that this poor widow put in more than all the others who put money into the treasury chests. <strong><sup>44 </sup></strong>For they all put in out of their surplus, but she, out of her want,* put in everything she had, all she had to live on.”</p><p></p><p>Or “poverty.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
