<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, August 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Saturday, August 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class="themeScrp"><em>Buy truth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 23:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">Time is a price everyone who buys truth must pay. It takes time to listen to the Kingdom message, read the Bible and Bible literature, have a personal Bible study, and prepare for and attend congregation meetings. We must ‘buy out,’ or take, that time from some other less important activity. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 5:15, 16</a>, ftn.) How much time will it take for us to gain an accurate knowledge of basic Bible teachings? That depends on our circumstances. There is no limit to what we can learn about Jehovah’s wisdom, ways, and works. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 11:33</a>) The first issue of the <em>Watch Tower </em>likened the truth to “a modest little flower” and stated: “Be not content with <em>one </em>flower of truth. Had one been sufficient there would have been no more. Gather ever, seek for more.” Even with an eternity of time, we can always learn more about Jehovah. Today, the important thing is that we use our time wisely so as to buy as much truth as our circumstances allow. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>4 ¶7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 23:23)</strong></a> Buy* truth and never sell it, Also wisdom and discipline and understanding.</p><p></p><p>Or “Acquire.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:15, 16)</strong></a> So keep strict watch that how you walk is not as unwise but as wise persons, <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>making the best use of your time,* because the days are wicked.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “buying out the appointed time.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 11:33)</strong></a> O the depth of God’s riches and wisdom and knowledge! How unsearchable his judgments are and beyond tracing out his ways are!</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
