<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, August 31
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p92" data-pid="92"><span id="page88" class="pageNum" data-no="88" data-before-text="88"></span>Monday, August 31</h2>
</header>
<p id="p93" data-pid="93" class="themeScrp">[<em>Use</em>] <em>your freedom, not as a cover for doing wrong, but as slaves of God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 2:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p94" data-pid="94" class="p94">We should never take for granted that Jehovah liberated us from the bondage of sin and of death. By means of the ransom, we can serve our God with a clean conscience and find real delight in doing so. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 40:8</a>) In addition to expressing gratitude, however, we should be mindful of never misusing our precious freedom. The apostle Peter warned against using our freedom as an excuse for catering to our fleshly desires. Does that warning not remind you of what befell the Israelites in the wilderness? And the danger is still with us, perhaps even more so. Satan and his world offer ever more alluring choices in dress and grooming, food and drink, recreation and entertainment, and a host of other things. Clever advertisers often feature attractive people deceptively promoting as must-haves many things we really do not need. How easy it is to fall prey to these ploys and to misuse our freedom! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>10 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p95" data-pid="95" class="p95"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:16)</strong></a> Be as free people, using your freedom, not as a cover* for doing wrong, but as slaves of God.</p><p></p><p>Or “an excuse.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 40:8)</strong></a> To do your will, O my God, is my delight,* And your law is deep within me.</p><p></p><p>Or “desire.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
