<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, August 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Sunday, August 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp"><em>A wise person listens and takes in more instruction.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 1:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">Thankfully, we do not need to suffer the consequences of breaking God’s laws to learn valuable lessons. We can learn from the mistakes of others whose transgressions are recorded in God’s Word. Indeed, we receive the very best instruction from God, such as when we read and meditate on real-life Bible accounts. For example, think of the pain that King David experienced after he disobeyed Jehovah’s command and committed adultery with Bath-sheba. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Sam. 12:7-14</a>) While reading and meditating on this account, we might ask ourselves: ‘How could King David have avoided the heartache he suffered because of his adulterous act with Bath-sheba? If I faced a similar temptation, would I have the strength to turn away? Would I flee like Joseph, or would I give in like David?’ (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 39:11-15</a>) By reflecting on the bad consequences of sin, we can strengthen our heart to “hate what is bad.”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Amos 5:15</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>17 ¶5,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation2"> 7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 1:5)</strong></a> A wise person listens and takes in more instruction; A man of understanding acquires skillful direction*</p><p></p><p>Or “wise guidance.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 12:7-14)</strong></a> Then Nathan said to David: “You are the man! This is what Jehovah the God of Israel says: ‘I myself anointed you as king over Israel, and I rescued you from the hand of Saul. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>I was willing to give you your master’s house and put your master’s wives in your arms, and I gave you the house of Israel and of Judah. And as if that were not enough, I was willing to do much more for you. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Why did you despise the word of Jehovah by doing what is bad in his eyes? You struck down U·riʹah the Hitʹtite with the sword! Then you took his wife as your wife after you killed him by the sword of the Amʹmon·ites. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Now a sword will never depart from your own house, because you despised me by taking the wife of U·riʹah the Hitʹtite as your wife.’ <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>This is what Jehovah says: ‘Here I am bringing against you calamity from within your own house; and before your own eyes, I will take your wives and give them to another man,* and he will lie down with your wives in broad daylight.* <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>Although you acted in secret, I will do this in front of all Israel and in broad daylight.’”* <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>David then said to Nathan: “I have sinned against Jehovah.” Nathan replied to David: “Jehovah, in turn, forgives your sin.* You will not die. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>Nevertheless, because you have treated Jehovah with utter disrespect in this matter, the son just born to you will certainly die.”</p><p></p><p>Or “to your fellow man.”</p><p>Lit., “to the eyes of this sun.”</p><p>Lit., “before the sun.”</p><p>Or “lets your sin pass by.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 39:11-15)</strong></a> But on one of the days when he went into the house to do his work, none of the household servants were in the house. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>Then she grabbed hold of him by his garment and said: “Lie down with me!” But he left his garment in her hand and fled outside. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>As soon as she saw that he had left his garment in her hand and had fled outside, <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>she began to cry out to the men of her house and to say to them: “Look! He brought to us this Hebrew man to make us a laughingstock. He came to me to lie down with me, but I began to cry out at the top of my voice. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Then as soon as he heard me raising my voice and screaming, he left his garment beside me and fled outside.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Amos 5:15)</strong></a> Hate what is bad, and love what is good, Let justice prevail in the city gate. It may be that Jehovah the God of armies Will show favor to the remaining ones of Joseph.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
