<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, August 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Thursday, August 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>These are the ones who . . . bear fruit with endurance.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 8:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">In the illustration of the sower found at <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 8:5-8,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 11-15</a>, the seed is “the word of God,” or the Kingdom message. The soil represents man’s figurative heart. The seed that fell on the fine soil took root, sprouted, and “produced 100 times more fruit.” Just as the fine soil in Jesus’ illustration retained the seed, we accepted the message and held on to it. As a result, the seedlike Kingdom message took root and grew, as it were, into a wheat stalk that, in time, was ready to bear fruit. And just as a wheat stalk produces as fruit, not new stalks, but new seed, we are producing as fruit, not new disciples, but new Kingdom seed. How do we produce new Kingdom seed? Each time we in one way or another proclaim the Kingdom message, we duplicate and scatter, so to speak, the seed that was planted in our heart. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Luke 6:45;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 8:1</a>) Hence, this illustration teaches us that as long as we keep on proclaiming the Kingdom message, we “bear fruit with endurance.” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>14 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 8:15)</strong></a> As for that on the fine soil, these are the ones who, after hearing the word with a fine and good heart, retain it and bear fruit with endurance.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 8:5-8)</strong></a> “A sower went out to sow his seed. As he was sowing, some of them fell alongside the road and were trampled on, and the birds of heaven ate them up. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>Some landed on the rock, and after sprouting, they dried up because they had no moisture. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Others fell among the thorns, and the thorns that grew up with them choked them. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>But others fell on the good soil, and after sprouting, they produced 100 times more fruit.” As he said these things, he called out: “Let the one who has ears to listen, listen.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 8:11-15)</strong></a> Now the illustration means this: The seed is the word of God. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>Those alongside the road are the ones who have heard, and then the Devil comes and takes the word away from their hearts so that they may not believe and be saved. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Those on the rock are the ones who, when they hear the word, receive it with joy, but these have no root. They believe for a while, but in a season of testing, they fall away. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>As for that which fell among the thorns, these are the ones who have heard, but by being carried away by anxieties, riches, and pleasures of this life, they are completely choked and bring nothing to maturity. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>As for that on the fine soil, these are the ones who, after hearing the word with a fine and good heart, retain it and bear fruit with endurance.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 6:45)</strong></a> A good man brings good out of the good treasure of his heart, but a wicked man brings what is wicked out of his wicked treasure; for out of the heart’s abundance his mouth speaks.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Luke 8:1)</strong></a> Shortly afterward he traveled from city to city and from village to village, preaching and declaring the good news of the Kingdom of God. And the Twelve were with him,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
