<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, August 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Tuesday, August 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class="themeScrp"><em>I will walk in your truth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 86:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">How can we strengthen our determination to go on walking in the truth? One way is to have as full a share as possible in teaching Bible truth to others. In this way you will keep a firm grip on our spiritual sword, which is “God’s word.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 6:17</a>) All of us can strive to improve our skills as teachers, “handling the word of the truth aright.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Tim. 2:15</a>) As we use the Bible to help others to buy truth and reject falsehoods, we embed God’s sayings in our own mind and heart. In this way, we strengthen our determination to go on walking in the truth. The truth is a precious gift from Jehovah. By means of this gift, we have our most prized possession, our intimate relationship with our heavenly Father. What he has taught us until now is only the beginning! God has promised us an eternity to add to the truth we have already bought. Therefore, cherish the truth like a fine pearl. Continue to “buy truth and never sell it.”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Prov. 23:23</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>8 ¶2;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation2"> 12 ¶15-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 86:11)</strong></a> Instruct me, O Jehovah, about your way. I will walk in your truth. Unify my heart* to fear your name.</p><p></p><p>Or “Give me an undivided heart.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:17)</strong></a> Also, accept the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the spirit, that is, God’s word,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 2:15)</strong></a> Do your utmost to present yourself approved to God, a workman with nothing to be ashamed of, handling the word of the truth aright.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 23:23)</strong></a> Buy* truth and never sell it, Also wisdom and discipline and understanding.</p><p></p><p>Or “Acquire.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
