<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, August 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74"><span id="page86" class="pageNum" data-no="86" data-before-text="86"></span>Tuesday, August 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="themeScrp"><em>Whatever a person is sowing, this he will also reap.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gal. 6:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">The costs of siding with Satan <em>always </em>outweigh any seeming benefits that he may offer. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted25.xhtml#citation2">Job 21:7-17;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Gal. 6:8</a>) What advantage do we gain from knowing the extent of Satan’s influence? It helps us keep a balanced view of secular authorities and motivates us in our witnessing work. We understand that Jehovah wants us to respect governmental authorities. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Pet. 2:17</a>) And he expects us to obey the laws of human governments as long as those laws do not conflict with his standards. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Rom. 13:1-4</a>) But we realize that we must remain neutral, never favoring one political party or human leader over another. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">John 17:15, 16;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 18:36</a>) Because we see what Satan is trying to do to Jehovah’s name and reputation, we feel more compelled to teach others the truth about our God. We proudly bear and use his name, knowing that loving him is far more rewarding than loving money or things.​—<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Isa. 43:10;</a><span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9"> 1 Tim. 6:6-10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>24 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:7)</strong></a> Do not be misled: God is not one to be mocked. For whatever a person is sowing, this he will also reap;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:8)</strong></a> because the one sowing with a view to his flesh will reap corruption from his flesh, but the one sowing with a view to the spirit will reap everlasting life from the spirit.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:17)</strong></a> Honor men of all sorts, have love for the whole association of brothers,* be in fear of God, honor the king.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the brotherhood.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rom. 13:1-4)</strong></a> Let every person be in subjection to the superior authorities, for there is no authority except by God; the existing authorities stand placed in their relative positions by God. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>Therefore, whoever opposes* the authority has taken a stand against the arrangement of God; those who have taken a stand against it will bring judgment against themselves. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>For those rulers are an object of fear, not to the good deed, but to the bad. Do you want to be free of fear of the authority? Keep doing good, and you will have praise from it; <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>for it is God’s minister* to you for your good. But if you are doing what is bad, be in fear, for it is not without purpose that it bears the sword. It is God’s minister, an avenger to express wrath against the one practicing what is bad.</p><p></p><p>Or “resists.”</p><p>Lit., “servant.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(John 17:15, 16)</strong></a> “I do not request that you take them out of the world, but that you watch over them because of the wicked one. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>They are no part of the world, just as I am no part of the world.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(John 18:36)</strong></a> Jesus answered: “My Kingdom is no part of this world. If my Kingdom were part of this world, my attendants would have fought that I should not be handed over to the Jews. But as it is, my Kingdom is not from this source.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Isa. 43:10)</strong></a> “You are my witnesses,” declares Jehovah, “Yes, my servant whom I have chosen, So that you may know and have faith in me* And understand that I am the same One. Before me no God was formed, And after me there has been none.</p><p></p><p>Or “and trust me.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 6:6-10)</strong></a> To be sure, there is great gain in godly devotion along with contentment.* <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>For we have brought nothing into the world, and neither can we carry anything out. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>So, having food* and clothing,* we will be content with these things. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>But those who are determined to be rich fall into temptation and a snare and many senseless and harmful desires that plunge men into destruction and ruin. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>For the love of money is a root of all sorts of injurious things, and by reaching out for this love some have been led astray from the faith and have stabbed themselves all over with many pains.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “along with self-sufficiency.”</p><p>Or “sustenance.”</p><p>Or “shelter.” Lit., “covering.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
