<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, August 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11"><span id="page79" class="pageNum" data-no="79" data-before-text="79"></span>Tuesday, August 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah . . . has firmly established his throne for justice.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 9:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">The Mosaic Law limited the possibility that a person would be falsely accused of a crime. A defendant had the right to know who was accusing him. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Deut. 19:16-19;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 25:1</a>) And before he could be convicted, at least two witnesses had to give evidence. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Deut. 17:6;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 19:15</a>) What about an Israelite who committed a crime that was seen by only one witness? He could not assume that he would get away with his wrongdoing. Jehovah saw what he did. Yes, Jehovah sets the perfect example; nothing he does is unfair. He rewards those who loyally uphold his standards, but he punishes those who abuse their power. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">2 Sam. 22:21-23;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> Ezek. 9:9, 10</a>) Some may act wickedly and seem to escape punishment, but when Jehovah determines that the time is right, he brings them to justice. (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Prov. 28:13</a>) And if they do not repent, they soon learn that “it is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God.”​—<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">Heb. 10:30, 31</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>23-24 ¶20-21</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 9:7)</strong></a> But Jehovah is enthroned forever; He has firmly established his throne for justice.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Deut. 19:16-19)</strong></a> If a malicious witness testifies against a man and charges him with some transgression, <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>the two men who have the dispute will stand before Jehovah, before the priests and the judges who will be serving in those days. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>The judges will thoroughly investigate, and if the man who testified is a false witness and has brought a false charge against his brother, <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>you should do to him just as he had schemed to do to his brother, and you must remove what is bad from your midst.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Deut. 25:1)</strong></a> “When a dispute arises between men, they may present themselves before the judges, and they will judge them and pronounce the righteous one innocent and the wicked one guilty.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Deut. 17:6)</strong></a> On the testimony* of two witnesses or of three witnesses the one who is to die should be put to death. He must not be put to death on the testimony of one witness.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “mouth.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Deut. 19:15)</strong></a> “No single witness may convict* another for any error or any sin that he may commit. On the testimony* of two witnesses or on the testimony of three witnesses the matter should be established.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “rise up against.”</p><p>Lit., “mouth.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 22:21-23)</strong></a> Jehovah rewards me according to my righteousness; He repays me according to the innocence* of my hands. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>For I have kept the ways of Jehovah, And I have not wickedly abandoned my God. <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>All his judgments are before me; I will not deviate from his statutes.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the cleanness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Ezek. 9:9, 10)</strong></a> So he said to me: “The error of the house of Israel and Judah is very, very great. The land is filled with bloodshed, and the city is full of corruption. For they say, ‘Jehovah has left the land, and Jehovah is not seeing.’ <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>But as for me, my eye will not feel sorry; nor will I show compassion. The consequences of their way I will bring down on their own head.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Prov. 28:13)</strong></a> The one covering over his transgressions will not succeed, But whoever confesses and abandons them will be shown mercy.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:30, 31)</strong></a> For we know the One who said: “Vengeance is mine; I will repay.” And again: “Jehovah* will judge his people.” <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
