<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, August 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Friday, August 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>Let the one who thinks he is standing beware that he does not fall.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 10:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">As Paul pointed out, even true worshippers could become involved in wrong practices. Those who give in to temptation may think that they still have a good standing with Jehovah. But merely wanting to be Jehovah’s friend or claiming to be loyal to him does not always mean that one is actually approved by Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 10:1-5</a>) Just as the Israelites became anxious over Moses’ delay in coming down from Sinai, Christians today may feel anxious over the seeming delay of Jehovah’s day of judgment and the coming of the new world. The fulfillment of these promises may seem too far off in the future or too good to be true. Left unchecked, such thinking can lead us to put fleshly pursuits ahead of Jehovah’s will. In time, we could drift away from Jehovah and eventually engage in practices that we would never have considered being involved in when we were in good spiritual health. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>21 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 10:12)</strong></a> So let the one who thinks he is standing beware that he does not fall.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 10:1-5)</strong></a> Now I want you to know, brothers, that our forefathers were all under the cloud and all passed through the sea <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>and all got baptized into Moses by means of the cloud and of the sea, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>and all ate the same spiritual food <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>and all drank the same spiritual drink. For they used to drink from the spiritual rock that followed them, and that rock meant* the Christ. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>Nevertheless, God was not pleased with most of them, for they were struck down in the wilderness.</p><p></p><p>Or “was.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
