<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, August 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Thursday, August 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>We should no longer be . . . carried here and there . . . by means of the trickery of men.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 4:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">A story that is only 10 percent true is 100 percent misleading. Consider what happened to the Israelites dwelling on the western side of the Jordan River in the days of Joshua. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted20.xhtml#citation2">Josh. 22:9-34</a>) They received a report that the Israelites living on the eastern side had constructed a large, impressive altar. That portion of the report was true. Based on this incomplete information, those on the western side concluded that their brothers had rebelled against Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Josh. 22:9-12</a>) Thankfully, before attacking, they sent a delegation of trustworthy men to get all the facts. What did the men learn? The altar was built, not for sacrifices, but as a memorial, so that in the future all would know that they too were faithful servants of Jehovah. How thankful those Israelites must have been that they did not massacre their brothers based on incomplete information but took the time to get the facts! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>5 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:14)</strong></a> So we should no longer be children, tossed about as by waves and carried here and there by every wind of teaching by means of the trickery of men, by means of cunning in deceptive schemes.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Josh. 22:9-12)</strong></a> After that the Reuʹben·ites, the Gadʹites, and the half tribe of Ma·nasʹseh departed from the other Israelites, from Shiʹloh in the land of Caʹnaan, and they returned to the land of Gilʹe·ad, the land of their possession where they had settled at the order of Jehovah through Moses. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>When they came to the regions of the Jordan in the land of Caʹnaan, the Reuʹben·ites, the Gadʹites, and the half tribe of Ma·nasʹseh built an altar there by the Jordan, a large, impressive altar. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>Later the other Israelites heard it said: “Look! The Reuʹben·ites, the Gadʹites, and the half tribe of Ma·nasʹseh have built an altar on the frontier of the land of Caʹnaan in the regions of the Jordan on the side belonging to the Israelites.” <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>When the Israelites heard about it, the whole assembly of the Israelites congregated at Shiʹloh to go to war against them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
