<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, August 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71">Monday, August 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class="themeScrp"><em>Pay back . . . Caesar’s things to Caesar, but God’s things to God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 22:21</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">Injustice often inflames political passions. Taxation was a hot political issue in Jesus’ time. Subjects of Rome, including those who listened to Jesus, were required to pay many taxes, such as on goods, land, and houses. And the corruption of the tax collectors increased the sense of being under a heavy burden. Tax collectors might purchase a position of authority at a public auction and then profit from what was collected. Zacchaeus, the chief tax collector in Jericho, had become rich by extorting money from the people. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 19:2,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 8</a>) His course was probably typical of that of many. Jesus’ enemies tried to trap Jesus by getting him to take sides on a taxation issue. The tax in question was the “head tax,” a tax of one denarius levied on Roman subjects. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 22:16-18</a>) The Jews especially resented this tax. It represented their subjection to Rome. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.06 </em>5-6 ¶8-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 22:21)</strong></a> They said: “Caesar’s.” Then he said to them: “Pay back, therefore, Caesar’s things to Caesar, but God’s things to God.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 19:2)</strong></a> Now a man named Zac·chaeʹus was there; he was a chief tax collector, and he was rich.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 19:8)</strong></a> But Zac·chaeʹus stood up and said to the Lord: “Look! The half of my belongings, Lord, I am giving to the poor, and whatever I extorted from anyone, I am restoring four times over.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 22:16-18)</strong></a> So they sent their disciples to him, together with party followers of Herod, saying: “Teacher, we know you are truthful and teach the way of God in truth, and you do not seek anyone’s favor, for you do not look at the outward appearance of people. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Tell us, then, what do you think? Is it lawful* to pay head tax to Caesar or not?” <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>But Jesus, knowing their wickedness, said: “Why do you put me to the test, hypocrites?</p><p></p><p>Or “right.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
