<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, August 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20"><span id="page80" class="pageNum" data-no="80" data-before-text="80"></span>Friday, August 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class="themeScrp"><em>Do not be anxious, for I am your God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 41:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">We deepen our trust in Jehovah by getting to know him better. And the only way we can really know God well is by reading the Bible carefully and then meditating on what we read. The Bible contains a reliable record of how Jehovah protected his people in the past. That record gives us confidence that he will care for us now. Consider an example of the beautiful word picture Isaiah uses to illustrate how Jehovah protects us. He refers to Jehovah as a shepherd and to God’s servants as lambs. Isaiah says of Jehovah: “With his arm he will gather together the lambs, and in his bosom he will carry them.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 40:11</a>) When we sense Jehovah’s strong arms wrapped around us, we feel protected and calm. To help you remain calm despite the problems you may face, meditate on the reassuring words mentioned in today’s text. They will strengthen you as you face the challenges that lie ahead. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>7 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 41:10)</strong></a> Do not be afraid, for I am with you. Do not be anxious, for I am your God. I will fortify you, yes, I will help you, I will really hold on to you with my right hand of righteousness.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 40:11)</strong></a> Like a shepherd he will care for* his flock. With his arm he will gather together the lambs, And in his bosom he will carry them. He will gently lead those nursing their young.</p><p></p><p>Or “will shepherd.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
