<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, August 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83"><span id="page87" class="pageNum" data-no="87" data-before-text="87"></span>Friday, August 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class="themeScrp"><em>All those for whom I have affection, I reprove and discipline.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rev. 3:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">Paul was willing not only to encourage his brothers but also to “spend and be completely spent for” them. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 12:15</a>) Similarly, elders should not only encourage and console their brothers with words but also build them up by showing sincere personal interest. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 14:3</a>) Building one another up may involve giving counsel, but here again, elders should follow the example given in the Bible about how to give counsel in an encouraging way. An outstanding example in this respect was given by Jesus himself after his death and resurrection. He had some firm counsel to give to certain congregations in Asia Minor, but notice how he went about it. Before giving them counsel, he gave warm commendation to the congregations in Ephesus, Pergamum, and Thyatira. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rev. 2:1-5,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 12, 13,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 18, 19</a>) Elders would do well to imitate Christ’s example when they need to give counsel. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>22 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rev. 3:19)</strong></a> “‘All those for whom I have affection, I reprove and discipline. So be zealous and repent.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 12:15)</strong></a> For my part, I will most gladly spend and be completely spent for you.* If I love you so much more, am I to be loved the less?</p><p></p><p>Or “your souls.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 14:3)</strong></a> However, the one who prophesies builds up and encourages and consoles men by his speech.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rev. 2:1-5)</strong></a> “To the angel of the congregation in Ephʹe·sus write: These are the things that he says who holds the seven stars in his right hand and walks among the seven golden lampstands: <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>‘I know your deeds, and your labor and endurance, and that you cannot tolerate bad men, and that you put to the test those who say they are apostles, but they are not, and you found them to be liars. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>You are also showing endurance, and you have persevered for the sake of my name and have not grown weary. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Nevertheless, I hold this against you, that you have left the love you had at first. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>“‘Therefore remember from where you have fallen, and repent and do the deeds you did at first. If you do not, I will come to you, and I will remove your lampstand from its place, unless you repent.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rev. 2:12, 13)</strong></a> “To the angel of the congregation in Perʹga·mum write: These are the things that he says who has the sharp, long, two-edged sword: <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>‘I know where you are dwelling, that is, where the throne of Satan is; and yet you keep holding fast to my name, and you did not deny your faith in me even in the days of Anʹti·pas, my faithful witness, who was killed by your side, where Satan is dwelling.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rev. 2:18, 19)</strong></a> “To the angel of the congregation in Thy·a·tiʹra write: These are the things that the Son of God says, the one who has eyes like a fiery flame and whose feet are like fine copper: <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>‘I know your deeds, and your love and faith and ministry and endurance, and that your deeds of late are more than those you did at first.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
