<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, August 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Saturday, August 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="themeScrp"><em>Fathers, . . . go on bringing </em>[<em>your children</em>] <em>up in the discipline and admonition of Jehovah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 6:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">Parents, you no doubt do all you can to protect your children from literal diseases. You keep your home clean, and you throw out anything that might cause you or your children to get sick. In the same way, you need to protect your children from movies, TV shows, electronic games, and websites that are likely to infect them with Satan’s thinking. Jehovah has given you the authority to care for the spiritual health of your children. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 1:8</a>) So do not be afraid to set household rules that are based on Bible standards. Tell your young children what they can and cannot watch, and help them to understand the reasons for your decisions. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 5:37</a>) As your children get older, train them to discern for themselves what is right and what is wrong according to Jehovah’s standards. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Heb. 5:14</a>) And remember, your children will learn even more from what you do.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Deut. 6:6, 7;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Rom. 2:21</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>16 ¶8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:4)</strong></a> And fathers, do not be irritating your children, but go on bringing them up in the discipline and admonition* of Jehovah.*</p><p></p><p>Or “instruction; guidance.” Lit., “putting mind in.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 1:8)</strong></a> Listen, my son, to the discipline of your father, And do not forsake the instruction* of your mother.</p><p></p><p>Or “law.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:37)</strong></a> Just let your word ‘Yes’ mean yes, your ‘No,’ no, for what goes beyond these is from the wicked one.*</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “from what is wicked.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 5:14)</strong></a> But solid food belongs to mature people, to those who through use have their powers of discernment* trained to distinguish both right and wrong.</p><p></p><p>Or “their perceptive powers.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Deut. 6:6, 7)</strong></a> These words that I am commanding you today must be on your heart, <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>and you must inculcate them in* your sons and speak of them when you sit in your house and when you walk on the road and when you lie down and when you get up.</p><p></p><p>Or “repeat them to; impress them upon.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rom. 2:21)</strong></a> do you, however, the one teaching someone else, not teach yourself? You, the one preaching, “Do not steal,” do you steal?</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
