<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, August 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Wednesday, August 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class="themeScrp"><em>A wife should not separate from her husband.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 7:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">In the event of marital problems, is separation a justifiable solution? The Scriptures do not outline various grounds for separation. Paul wrote: “If a woman has an unbelieving husband and he is agreeable to staying with her, let her not leave her husband.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 7:12, 13</a>) That applies in our day too. Admittedly, there have been instances where an “unbelieving husband” seems to prove that he is not “agreeable to staying with her.” He might be extremely physically abusive, even to the point that she feels that her health or life is in danger. He might refuse to support her and the family or severely endanger her spirituality. In such cases, some Christians have personally decided that, despite what he might say, the mate is not “agreeable to staying” together and that a separation is necessary. But other Christians in comparably difficult situations have not; they have endured and tried to work at improving matters. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>13 ¶14,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation2"> 16;</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation3"> 14 ¶17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:10)</strong></a> To the married people I give instructions, not I but the Lord, that a wife should not separate from her husband.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:12, 13)</strong></a> But to the others I say, yes, I, not the Lord: If any brother has an unbelieving wife and she is agreeable to staying with him, let him not leave her; <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>and if a woman has an unbelieving husband and he is agreeable to staying with her, let her not leave her husband.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
