<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, August 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47"><span id="page83" class="pageNum" data-no="83" data-before-text="83"></span>Sunday, August 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class="themeScrp"><em>Husbands, continue loving your wives.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 5:25</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">Husbands are exhorted to dwell with their wives “according to knowledge”​—an expression that could also be rendered “showing them consideration; understanding them.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Pet. 3:7</a>; ftn.) Understanding and consideration go hand in hand. For instance, an understanding husband knows that his wife, as his complement, is different from him in many respects, but she is by no means inferior. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 2:18</a>) He thus shows thoughtful regard for her feelings, treating her with dignity and honor. A thoughtful husband also takes his wife’s feelings into account when he interacts with other women. Never does he flirt with them or show an improper interest in them; nor does he show such interest when using social media or the Internet. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Job 31:1</a>) Yes, he remains loyal to his wife, not just because of his love for her but also because of his love for God and his hatred for what is bad.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 19:14;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 97:10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>29 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:25)</strong></a> Husbands, continue loving your wives, just as the Christ also loved the congregation and gave himself up for it,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:7)</strong></a> You husbands, in the same way, continue dwelling with them according to knowledge.* Assign them honor as to a weaker vessel, the feminine one, since they are also heirs with you of the undeserved favor of life, in order for your prayers not to be hindered.</p><p></p><p>Or “showing them consideration; understanding them.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 2:18)</strong></a> Then Jehovah God said: “It is not good for the man to continue to be alone. I am going to make a helper for him, as a complement of him.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Job 31:1)</strong></a> “I have made a covenant with my eyes. So how could I show improper attention to a virgin?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 19:14)</strong></a> May the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart Be pleasing to you, O Jehovah, my Rock and my Redeemer.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ps. 97:10)</strong></a> O you who love Jehovah, hate what is bad. He is guarding the lives* of his loyal ones; He rescues them from the hand* of the wicked.</p><p></p><p>Or “souls.”</p><p>Or “power.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
