<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, August 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Sunday, August 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>When the Lord caught sight of her, he was moved with pity.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 7:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">Jesus himself experienced some of the challenges people faced. For example, Jesus apparently grew up in a poor family. From working with his adoptive father, Joseph, Jesus learned how to do hard physical work. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 13:55;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Mark 6:3</a>) It seems that Joseph died sometime before the end of Jesus’ ministry. So Jesus likely felt the pain of losing a loved one in death. And Jesus knew what it was like to be in a family with differing religious views. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">John 7:5</a>) Those circumstances and others would have helped Jesus to understand the challenges and feelings of ordinary people. Jesus’ concern was especially evident when he performed miracles. Jesus did not perform miracles out of a mere sense of duty. He was “moved with pity” for those who were suffering. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 20:29-34;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Mark 1:40-42</a>) Jesus sympathized with people and wanted to help them.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Mark 7:32-35;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> Luke 7:12-15</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.03 </em>16 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 7:13)</strong></a> When the Lord caught sight of her, he was moved with pity for her, and he said to her: “Stop weeping.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 13:55)</strong></a> Is this not the carpenter’s son? Is not his mother called Mary, and his brothers James and Joseph and Simon and Judas?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Mark 6:3)</strong></a> This is the carpenter, the son of Mary and the brother of James, Joseph, Judas, and Simon, is it not? And his sisters are here with us, are they not?” So they began to stumble because of him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 7:5)</strong></a> His brothers were, in fact, not exercising faith in him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 20:29-34)</strong></a> As they were going out of Jerʹi·cho, a large crowd followed him. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>And look! two blind men sitting beside the road heard that Jesus was passing by and cried out: “Lord, have mercy on us, Son of David!” <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>But the crowd rebuked them, telling them to keep silent; yet they cried all the louder, saying: “Lord, have mercy on us, Son of David!” <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>So Jesus stopped, called them, and said: “What do you want me to do for you?” <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>They said to him: “Lord, let our eyes be opened.” <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>Moved with pity, Jesus touched their eyes, and immediately they recovered their sight, and they followed him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Mark 1:40-42)</strong></a> There also came to him a leper, pleading with him even on bended knee, saying to him: “If you just want to, you can make me clean.” <strong><sup>41 </sup></strong>At that he was moved with pity, and he stretched out his hand and touched him, and said to him: “I want to! Be made clean.” <strong><sup>42 </sup></strong>Immediately the leprosy vanished from him, and he became clean.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Mark 7:32-35)</strong></a> Here they brought him a deaf man with a speech impediment, and they pleaded with him to lay his hand on him. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>And he took him aside privately, away from the crowd. Then he put his fingers into the man’s ears, and after spitting, he touched his tongue. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>And looking up into heaven, he sighed deeply and said to him: <em>“Ephʹpha·tha,” </em>that is, “Be opened.” <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>At this his ears were opened, and his speech impediment was removed, and he began speaking normally.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Luke 7:12-15)</strong></a> As he got near the gate of the city, why look! there was a dead man being carried out, the only son of his mother. Besides, she was a widow. A considerable crowd from the city was also with her. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>When the Lord caught sight of her, he was moved with pity for her, and he said to her: “Stop weeping.” <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>With that he approached and touched the bier,* and the bearers stood still. Then he said: “Young man, I say to you, get up!”* <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>And the dead man sat up and started to speak, and Jesus gave him to his mother.</p><p></p><p>Or “funeral stretcher.”</p><p>Or “wake up!”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
