<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, August 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Sunday, August 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="themeScrp"><em>The righteous will possess the earth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 37:29</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">David was referring to a time when people on earth would live according to God’s righteous ways. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Pet. 3:13</a>) The prophecy at <span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isaiah 65:22</a> says: “The days of my people will be like the days of a tree.” This implies that people will live for thousands of years. According to <span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Revelation 21:1-4</a>, God will turn his attention to mankind, and one of the promised blessings is that “death will be no more” for people serving God in his righteous new world. Adam and Eve lost Paradise back in Eden, but it was not lost forever. As God promised, people on earth are yet to be blessed. Under inspiration, David said that the meek and righteous will inherit the earth and live on it forever. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 37:11</a>) The prophecies in the book of Isaiah should whet our appetite for the delightful conditions that will prevail. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Isa. 11:6-9;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 35:5-10;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> 65:21-23</a>) When? When Jesus’ promise to the Jewish criminal comes to pass. (<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">Luke 23:43</a>) You can be in that Paradise. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>7 ¶22-23</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:29)</strong></a> The righteous will possess the earth, And they will live forever on it.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 3:13)</strong></a> But there are new heavens and a new earth that we are awaiting according to his promise, and in these righteousness is to dwell.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 65:22)</strong></a> They will not build for someone else to inhabit, Nor will they plant for others to eat. For the days of my people will be like the days of a tree, And the work of their hands my chosen ones will enjoy to the full.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rev. 21:1-4)</strong></a> And I saw a new heaven and a new earth; for the former heaven and the former earth had passed away, and the sea is no more. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>I also saw the holy city, New Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God and prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>With that I heard a loud voice from the throne say: “Look! The tent of God is with mankind, and he will reside with them, and they will be his people. And God himself will be with them. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>And he will wipe out every tear from their eyes, and death will be no more, neither will mourning nor outcry nor pain be anymore. The former things have passed away.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:11)</strong></a> But the meek will possess the earth, And they will find exquisite delight in the abundance of peace.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Isa. 11:6-9)</strong></a> The wolf will reside for a while with the lamb, And with the young goat the leopard will lie down, And the calf and the lion* and the fattened animal will all be together;* And a little boy will lead them.  <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>The cow and the bear will feed together, And their young will lie down together. The lion will eat straw like the bull.  <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>The nursing child will play over the lair of a cobra, And a weaned child will put his hand over the den of a poisonous snake.  <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>They will not cause any harm Or any ruin in all my holy mountain, Because the earth will certainly be filled with the knowledge of Jehovah As the waters cover the sea.</p><p></p><p>Or “the maned young lion.”</p><p>Or possibly, “And the calf and the lion will feed together.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Isa. 35:5-10)</strong></a> At that time the eyes of the blind will be opened, And the ears of the deaf will be unstopped.  <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>At that time the lame will leap like the deer, And the tongue of the speechless will shout for joy. For waters will burst forth in the wilderness, And streams in the desert plain.  <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>The heat-parched ground will become a reedy pool, And the thirsty ground springs of water. In the lairs where jackals rested, There will be green grass and reeds and papyrus.  <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>And a highway will be there, Yes, a way called the Way of Holiness. The unclean one will not travel on it. It is reserved for the one walking on the way; No one foolish will stray onto it.  <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>No lion will be there, And no vicious wild beasts will come on it. They will not be found there; Only the repurchased ones will walk there. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Those redeemed by Jehovah will return and come to Zion with a joyful cry. Unending joy will crown their heads. Exultation and rejoicing will be theirs, And grief and sighing will flee away.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Isa. 65:21-23)</strong></a> They will build houses and live in them, And they will plant vineyards and eat their fruitage. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>They will not build for someone else to inhabit, Nor will they plant for others to eat. For the days of my people will be like the days of a tree, And the work of their hands my chosen ones will enjoy to the full. <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>They will not toil* for nothing,* Nor will they bear children for distress, Because they are the offspring* made up of those blessed by Jehovah, And their descendants with them.</p><p></p><p>Or “work hard.”</p><p>Or “in vain.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Luke 23:43)</strong></a> And he said to him: “Truly I tell you today, you will be with me in Paradise.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
