<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, August 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29"><span id="page81" class="pageNum" data-no="81" data-before-text="81"></span>Monday, August 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class="themeScrp"><em>Above all the things that you guard, safeguard your heart.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 4:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">Can we avoid all contact with the world’s thinking? No, we cannot literally get out of the world. Some exposure to its ideas is inescapable. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 5:9, 10</a>) The preaching work itself will bring us in contact with erroneous beliefs. However, where contact with ungodly views is unavoidable, we certainly need not entertain them or accept them. Like Jesus, we should be quick to reject thoughts that serve Satan’s purpose. Furthermore, we can protect ourselves from unnecessary exposure to the world’s thinking. For example, we should exercise caution when choosing our close friends. The Bible warns that if we keep close company with people who do not worship Jehovah, their thinking will rub off on us. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 13:20;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 1 Cor. 15:12,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 32, 33</a>) Also, by rejecting entertainment that promotes the theory of evolution, violence, or immorality, we avoid poisoning our thinking with ideas that are “against the knowledge of God.”​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">2 Cor. 10:5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>21 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 4:23)</strong></a> Above all the things that you guard, safeguard your heart, For out of it are the sources of life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 5:9, 10)</strong></a> In my letter I wrote you to stop keeping company* with sexually immoral people,* <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>not meaning entirely with the sexually immoral people* of this world or the greedy people or extortioners or idolaters. Otherwise, you would actually have to get out of the world.</p><p></p><p>Or “stop associating.”</p><p>See Glossary, “Sexual immorality.”</p><p>See Glossary, “Sexual immorality.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 13:20)</strong></a> The one walking with the wise will become wise, But the one who has dealings with the stupid will fare badly.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:12)</strong></a> Now if it is being preached that Christ has been raised from the dead, how is it that some among you say there is no resurrection of the dead?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:32, 33)</strong></a> If like other men,* I have fought with wild beasts at Ephʹe·sus, of what good is it to me? If the dead are not to be raised up, “let us eat and drink, for tomorrow we are to die.” <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>Do not be misled. Bad associations spoil useful habits.*</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “from a human viewpoint.”</p><p>Or “corrupt good morals.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 10:5)</strong></a> For we are overturning reasonings and every lofty thing raised up against the knowledge of God, and we are bringing every thought into captivity to make it obedient to the Christ;</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
