<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, August 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020007"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Thursday, August 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>Love builds up.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 8:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">One means by which Jehovah builds us up in love is the Christian congregation. Individually, we can reciprocate his love by loving and building up our spiritual brothers and sisters not only spiritually but also emotionally. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 John 4:19-21</a>) The apostle Paul urged Christians: “Keep encouraging one another and building one another up, just as you are in fact doing.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Thess. 5:11</a>) Yes, all in the congregation​—not just elders—​can imitate Jehovah and Jesus in comforting and building up the brothers and sisters. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rom. 15:1, 2</a>) Some in the congregation who have emotional disorders may need professional help and medication. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Luke 5:31</a>) Elders and others in the congregation modestly recognize that they are not trained mental-health-care professionals. However, they and others in the congregation have a vital role to play​—to “speak consolingly to those who are depressed, support the weak, be patient toward all.”​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">1 Thess. 5:14</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020007-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>14 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 8:1)</strong></a> Now concerning food offered to idols: We know we all have knowledge. Knowledge puffs up, but love builds up.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 John 4:19-21)</strong></a> We love, because he first loved us. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>If anyone says, “I love God,” and yet is hating his brother, he is a liar. For the one who does not love his brother, whom he has seen, cannot love God, whom he has not seen. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>And we have this commandment from him, that whoever loves God must also love his brother.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:11)</strong></a> Therefore, keep encouraging* one another and building one another up, just as you are in fact doing.</p><p></p><p>Or “comforting.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 15:1, 2)</strong></a> We, though, who are strong ought to bear the weaknesses of those not strong, and not to be pleasing ourselves. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>Let each of us please his neighbor for his good, to build him up.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Luke 5:31)</strong></a> In reply Jesus said to them: “Those who are healthy do not need a physician, but those who are ill do.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:14)</strong></a> On the other hand, we urge you, brothers, to warn* the disorderly, speak consolingly to those who are depressed,* support the weak, be patient toward all.</p><p></p><p>Or “admonish.”</p><p>Or “those who are discouraged.” Lit., “those of little soul.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
