<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, September 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17"><span id="page90" class="pageNum" data-no="90" data-before-text="90"></span>Sunday, September 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>The Law has a shadow of the good things to come.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 10:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">The Law specifically protected those who could not protect themselves, such as orphans, widows, and foreign residents. The judges in Israel were told: “You must not pervert the judgment of the foreign resident or of the fatherless child, and you must not seize the garment of a widow as security for a loan.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Deut. 24:17</a>) Jehovah showed tender personal interest in the most vulnerable in the community. And he held those who mistreated them to account. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ex. 22:22-24</a>) Jehovah wants those he places in positions of responsibility to take a loving interest in all whom they oversee. He hates sex crimes and wants to ensure that all, especially the most vulnerable, receive protection and justice. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted6.xhtml#citation4">Lev. 18:6-30</a>) When we are convinced that Jehovah is treating us justly, our love for him grows. And when we love God and love his righteous standards, we feel impelled to love others and treat them justly. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>24-25 ¶22-26</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:1)</strong></a> For since the Law has a shadow of the good things to come, but not the very substance of the things, it* can never, by the same sacrifices that are continually offered year after year, make those who approach perfect.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “men.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Deut. 24:17)</strong></a> “You must not pervert the judgment of the foreign resident or of the fatherless child,* and you must not seize the garment of a widow as security for a loan.*</p><p></p><p>Or “the orphan.”</p><p>Or “as a pledge.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ex. 22:22-24)</strong></a> “You must not afflict any widow or fatherless child.* <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>If you afflict him at all, so that he cries out to me, I will unfailingly hear his outcry; <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>and my anger will blaze, and I will kill you with the sword, and your wives will become widows, and your children will be fatherless.</p><p></p><p>Or “orphan.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
