<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, September 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Sunday, September 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>He slandered your servant to my lord the king.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Sam. 19:27</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">What if you are a victim of a slanderous accusation? Jesus and John the Baptizer experienced such a challenge. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 11:18, 19</a>) How did Jesus deal with false information? He did not spend all his time and energy defending himself. Instead he encouraged people to look at the facts​—what he did and what he taught. As Jesus said, “wisdom is vindicated by its works.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 11:19</a>; ftn.) There is a valuable lesson here that we do well to learn. At times, people may say unfair or critical things about us. We may long for justice and wish that we could do something to undo the damage to our reputation. Yet, there is something we can do. If someone spreads a lie about us, we can live in such a way that no one will believe that lie. Indeed, as Jesus’ example shows, our personal record of upright Christian conduct can wipe out half-truths and false accusations. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>6 ¶11-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 19:27)</strong></a> But he slandered your servant to my lord the king. However, my lord the king is like an angel of the true God, so do whatever seems good to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:18, 19)</strong></a> Likewise, John came neither eating nor drinking, but people say, ‘He has a demon.’ <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>The Son of man did come eating and drinking, but people say, ‘Look! A man who is a glutton and is given to drinking wine, a friend of tax collectors and sinners.’ All the same, wisdom is proved righteous* by its works.”*</p><p></p><p>Or “is vindicated.”</p><p>Or “by its results.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:19)</strong></a> The Son of man did come eating and drinking, but people say, ‘Look! A man who is a glutton and is given to drinking wine, a friend of tax collectors and sinners.’ All the same, wisdom is proved righteous* by its works.”*</p><p></p><p>Or “is vindicated.”</p><p>Or “by its results.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
