<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, September 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Friday, September 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class="themeScrp"><em>Be transformed by making your mind over.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 12:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">When we first came to a knowledge of the truth, we learned the importance of obedience to Jehovah’s basic requirements. But as we continue to grow spiritually, we learn more about Jehovah’s thinking​—his likes, his dislikes, and his way of viewing various matters—​and this influences our actions and personal choices. While learning to think like Jehovah is a delight, it can also be a challenge. At times, our imperfect reasoning might get in the way. For example, we might have difficulty understanding Jehovah’s view of moral cleanness, materialism, the preaching work, the misuse of blood, or something else. What can we do? How can we continue to make progress in making God’s thoughts our own? The answer lies in making our mind over by studying God’s Word with a view to grasping his thoughts, meditating on them, and bringing our thinking into alignment with God’s thinking. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>23-24 ¶2-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:2)</strong></a> And stop being molded by this system of things, but be transformed by making your mind over, so that you may prove to yourselves the good and acceptable and perfect will of God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
