<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, September 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62"><span id="page95" class="pageNum" data-no="95" data-before-text="95"></span>Monday, September 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah your God you should fear, him you should serve, to him you should cling.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Deut. 10:20</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">The Bible accounts about the disobedience of Cain, Solomon, and the Israelites at Mount Sinai have a noteworthy element in common. These individuals had opportunity to “repent . . . and turn around.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 3:19</a>) Clearly, Jehovah is not quick to give up on those who take a false step. In Aaron’s case, Jehovah extended forgiveness. Today, warnings from Jehovah may come in the form of a Bible account, Bible-based publications, or kind advice from a fellow Christian. When we heed the warnings, we are assured of Jehovah’s mercy. Jehovah’s undeserved kindness has a purpose. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Cor. 6:1</a>) It gives us an opportunity “to reject ungodliness and worldly desires.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Titus 2:11-14</a>) As long as we live “amid this present system of things,” we will face situations that will put our exclusive devotion to Jehovah to the test. May we always be ready to take a firm stand on his side! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>21 ¶20-21</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Deut. 10:20)</strong></a> “Jehovah your God you should fear, him you should serve, to him you should cling, and by his name you should swear.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 3:19)</strong></a> “Repent, therefore, and turn around so as to get your sins blotted out, so that seasons of refreshing may come from Jehovah himself</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 6:1)</strong></a> Working together with him, we also urge you not to accept the undeserved kindness of God and miss its purpose.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Titus 2:11-14)</strong></a> For the undeserved kindness of God has been manifested, bringing salvation to all sorts of people. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>It trains us to reject ungodliness and worldly desires and to live with soundness of mind and righteousness and godly devotion amid this present system of things,* <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>while we wait for the happy hope and glorious manifestation of the great God and of our Savior, Jesus Christ, <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>who gave himself for us to set us free* from every sort of lawlessness and to cleanse for himself a people who are his own special possession, zealous for fine works.</p><p></p><p>Or “this present age.” See Glossary.</p><p>Lit., “to ransom us; to redeem us.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
