<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, September 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Tuesday, September 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah knows those who belong to him.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Tim. 2:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">How can we strengthen our resolve to seek Jehovah’s recognition and not that of the world? To do so, we need to remember two important facts. First, <em>Jehovah <strong>always </strong>gives recognition to those who serve him faithfully. </em>(<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 6:10;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 11:6</a>) He deeply appreciates every one of his servants, and he views it as “unrighteous” to ignore those who are faithful to him. He is “aware of the way of the righteous” and knows how to rescue them out of trial. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 1:6;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 2 Pet. 2:9</a>) Second, <em>Jehovah may give us recognition in ways we may never expect. </em>Those who do good deeds purely to be seen by men are told that they will have no reward at all from Jehovah. Why? Their reward has already been paid in full. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Matt. 6:1-5</a>) However, Jesus said that his Father “looks on in secret” at those who do not receive due credit for the good they do to others. He notices those acts and repays each person accordingly. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.07 </em>9 ¶8,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation2"> 10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 2:19)</strong></a> Despite that, the solid foundation of God remains standing, having this seal, “Jehovah* knows those who belong to him,” and, “Let everyone calling on the name of Jehovah* renounce unrighteousness.”</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 6:10)</strong></a> For God is not unrighteous so as to forget your work and the love you showed for his name by ministering and continuing to minister to the holy ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 11:6)</strong></a> Moreover, without faith it is impossible to please God well, for whoever approaches God must believe that he is* and that he becomes the rewarder of those earnestly seeking him.</p><p></p><p>Or “exists.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 1:6)</strong></a> For Jehovah is aware of the way of the righteous, But the way of the wicked will perish.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 2:9)</strong></a> So, then, Jehovah* knows how to rescue people of godly devotion out of trial, but to reserve unrighteous people to be destroyed* on the day of judgment,</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Lit., “cut off.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:1-5)</strong></a> “Take care not to practice your righteousness in front of men to be noticed by them; otherwise you will have no reward with your Father who is in the heavens. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>So when you make gifts of mercy, do not blow a trumpet ahead of you, as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets, so that they may be glorified by men. Truly I say to you, they have their reward in full. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>But you, when making gifts of mercy, do not let your left hand know what your right hand is doing, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>so that your gifts of mercy may be in secret. Then your Father who looks on in secret will repay you. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>“Also, when you pray, do not act like the hypocrites, for they like to pray standing in the synagogues and on the corners of the main streets to be seen by men. Truly I say to you, they have their reward in full.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
