<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, September 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Wednesday, September 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>No man can come to me unless the Father, who sent me, draws him.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 6:44</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">We can play a part in helping others learn about God, but we do not play the most important part. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 3:6, 7</a>) Jehovah is the one who draws people. In the end, each individual will respond to the good news based on his or her heart condition. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 13:4-8</a>) Remember that most people did not accept Jesus’ message​—and he was the greatest Teacher who ever lived! Really, then, we should not become discouraged if many of the people we try to help do not respond favorably. We will see benefits when we show fellow feeling in our ministry. We will enjoy our preaching work more. We will experience the greater happiness that comes from giving. And we make it easier for those who are “rightly disposed for everlasting life” to accept the good news. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 13:48</a>) So “as long as we have the opportunity, let us work what is good toward all.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Gal. 6:10</a>) Then we will have the joy of bringing glory to our heavenly Father.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Matt. 5:16</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.03 </em>25 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 6:44)</strong></a> No man can come to me unless the Father, who sent me, draws him, and I will resurrect him on the last day.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 3:6, 7)</strong></a> I planted, A·polʹlos watered, but God kept making it grow, <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>so that neither is the one who plants anything nor is the one who waters, but God who makes it grow.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 13:4-8)</strong></a> As he was sowing, some seeds fell alongside the road, and the birds came and ate them up. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>Others fell on rocky ground where there was not much soil, and they immediately sprang up because the soil was not deep. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>But when the sun rose, they were scorched, and they withered because they had no root. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Others fell among the thorns, and the thorns came up and choked them. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Still others fell on the fine soil, and they began to yield fruit, this one 100 times more, that one 60, the other 30.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 13:48)</strong></a> When those of the nations heard this, they began to rejoice and to glorify the word of Jehovah, and all those who were rightly disposed for everlasting life became believers.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:10)</strong></a> So, then, as long as we have the opportunity,* let us work what is good toward all, but especially toward those related to us in the faith.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “appointed time.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:16)</strong></a> Likewise, let your light shine before men, so that they may see your fine works and give glory to your Father who is in the heavens.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
