<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, September 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page88" class="pageNum" data-no="88" data-before-text="88"></span><strong>September</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Tuesday, September 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp"><em>Though you never saw him, you love him.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 1:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">Jesus showed fellow feeling for Martha and Mary. When he saw their grief over the death of their brother, Lazarus, “Jesus gave way to tears.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 11:32-35</a>) He did not weep just because he had lost the company of a close friend. After all, he knew that he was going to resurrect Lazarus. Rather, Jesus wept because he understood and was touched by the heartache of his dear friends. We benefit greatly from learning about Jesus’ fellow feeling. Of course, we are not perfect as he was. Yet, we love him for the way he treated others. We are encouraged to know that he is now ruling as King of God’s Kingdom. He will soon eliminate all suffering. He is in the best position to help humanity recover from the wounds inflicted by Satan’s rulership, for Jesus too was once human. Indeed, we are blessed to have a Ruler who can “sympathize with our weaknesses.”​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Heb. 2:17, 18;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 4:15, 16</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.03 </em>17 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 1:8)</strong></a> Though you never saw him, you love him. Though you do not see him now, yet you exercise faith in him and are greatly rejoicing with an indescribable and glorious joy,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 11:32-35)</strong></a> When Mary arrived where Jesus was and caught sight of him, she fell at his feet and said to him: “Lord, if you had been here, my brother would not have died.” <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>When Jesus saw her weeping and the Jews who had come with her weeping, he groaned within himself and became troubled. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>He said: “Where have you laid him?” They said to him: “Lord, come and see.” <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>Jesus gave way to tears.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 2:17, 18)</strong></a> Consequently, he had to become like his “brothers” in all respects, so that he could become a merciful and faithful high priest in things relating to God, in order to offer a propitiatory sacrifice* for the sins of the people. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>Since he himself has suffered when being put to the test, he is able to come to the aid of those who are being put to the test.</p><p></p><p>Or “to offer an atoning sacrifice; to make atonement.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 4:15, 16)</strong></a> For we do not have a high priest who cannot sympathize with our weaknesses, but we have one who has been tested in all respects as we have, but without sin. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>Let us, then, approach the throne of undeserved kindness with freeness of speech, so that we may receive mercy and find undeserved kindness to help us at the right time.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
