<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, September 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53"><span id="page94" class="pageNum" data-no="94" data-before-text="94"></span>Friday, September 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class="themeScrp"><em>My food is to do the will of him who sent me and to finish his work.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 4:34</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">To Jesus, spiritual food included acting on God’s direction. In what sense is this like food? Just as our bodies are contented and nourished when we eat a good meal, our hearts are strengthened and our faith is nourished for everlasting life when we participate in doing God’s will. Putting divine instruction into practice is essentially what wisdom means. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 107:43</a>) The reward for wisdom is worth the effort. “Nothing you desire can compare to it. . . . It is a tree of life to those who take hold of it, and those who keep firm hold of it will be called happy.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 3:13-18</a>) Jesus said: “If you know these things, happy you are if you do them.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">John 13:17</a>) The disciples’ happiness would last if they kept doing what Jesus instructed them to do. They did not embrace his teachings and example simply as an immediate response on that one occasion. It became their way of life. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>4 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 4:34)</strong></a> Jesus said to them: “My food is to do the will of him who sent me and to finish his work.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 107:43)</strong></a> Whoever is wise will observe these things And will carefully consider Jehovah’s acts of loyal love.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 3:13-18)</strong></a> Happy is the man who finds wisdom And the man who acquires discernment; <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>To gain it is better than gaining silver, And having it as profit is better than having gold. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>It is more precious than corals;* Nothing you desire can compare to it. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>Long life is in its right hand; Riches and glory are in its left hand. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Its ways are pleasant, And all its paths are peaceful. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>It is a tree of life to those who take hold of it, And those who keep firm hold of it will be called happy.</p><p></p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 13:17)</strong></a> If you know these things, happy you are if you do them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
