<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, September 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47">Wednesday, September 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class="themeScrp"><em>Your Leader is one, the Christ.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 23:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">As shown by his active direction, our enthroned King, Jesus Christ, is definitely looking to the future. Therefore, let us rejoice over the benefits we derive from adjusting to recent changes. You might find it encouraging during your family worship to discuss how you have benefited from changes in the weekly meetings or in the ministry. If we perceive the spirit behind the instructions we receive from Jehovah’s organization and their beneficial effect on us, we will likely follow that guidance with joy. We certainly appreciate that reducing the amount of literature being printed saves money; using new technologies allows us to further the Kingdom work throughout the earth. So use electronic publications and media more extensively if possible. In this way, we will reflect Christ’s concern to use the organization’s resources wisely. When we earnestly uphold Christ’s direction, we strengthen the faith of others and contribute to unity. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.10 </em>25-26 ¶17-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 23:10)</strong></a> Neither be called leaders, for your Leader is one, the Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
