<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, September 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Tuesday, September 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="themeScrp"><em>Be as free people, using your freedom . . . as slaves of God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 2:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">The real purpose for which Jehovah, through Jesus, has freed us from the law of sin and of death is for us to live a life of dedication “as slaves of God.” The best way to protect ourselves from misusing our freedom and thus becoming enslaved again by worldly ambitions and desires is to be fully absorbed in spiritual pursuits. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gal. 5:16</a>) Consider, for example, the patriarch Noah and his family. They lived in a violent and immoral world. Yet, they kept free from being entangled in the desires and pursuits of the people around them. How did they manage to do that? They chose to keep busy in all that Jehovah had assigned them to do​—build the ark, store up food for themselves and the animals, and sound the warning to others. “Noah did according to all that God had commanded him. He did just so.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 6:22</a>) The result? Noah and his family survived the end of that world.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Heb. 11:7</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>10 ¶8;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation2"> 11 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:16)</strong></a> Be as free people, using your freedom, not as a cover* for doing wrong, but as slaves of God.</p><p></p><p>Or “an excuse.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gal. 5:16)</strong></a> But I say, Keep walking by spirit and you will carry out no fleshly desire at all.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:22)</strong></a> And Noah did according to all that God had commanded him. He did just so.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 11:7)</strong></a> By faith Noah, after receiving divine warning of things not yet seen, showed godly fear and constructed an ark for the saving of his household; and through this faith he condemned the world, and he became an heir of the righteousness that results from faith.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
