<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, September 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38">Sunday, September 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class="themeScrp"><em>Stop storing up for yourselves treasures on the earth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 6:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">When the fishermen Peter and Andrew were invited by Jesus to become “fishers of men,” they “abandoned their nets.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 4:18-20</a>) Of course, most of those who learn the truth today cannot simply walk away from their jobs. They have Scriptural obligations. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Tim. 5:8</a>) However, individuals who learn the truth must often change their attitude toward material things and adjust their priorities. Consider the example of Maria. Golf was her life, and her goal was to enjoy a lucrative career as a professional golfer. Then Maria started to study the Bible, and she was pleased with the changes that the truth helped her make in her life. Maria realized that it would be difficult for her to pursue both spiritual and material riches. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 6:24</a>) She gave up her lifelong goal of becoming a professional golfer. She now serves as a pioneer and enjoys what she describes as “the happiest, most meaningful life possible.” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>5 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:19)</strong></a> “Stop storing up for yourselves treasures on the earth, where moth and rust consume and where thieves break in and steal.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 4:18-20)</strong></a> Walking alongside the Sea of Galʹi·lee, he saw two brothers, Simon, who is called Peter, and Andrew his brother, casting a net into the sea, for they were fishermen. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>And he said to them: “Come after me, and I will make you fishers of men.”* <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>At once they abandoned their nets and followed him.</p><p></p><p>Or “people.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 5:8)</strong></a> Certainly if anyone does not provide for those who are his own, and especially for those who are members of his household, he has disowned the faith and is worse than a person without faith.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:24)</strong></a> “No one can slave for two masters; for either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will stick to the one and despise the other. You cannot slave for God and for Riches.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
