<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, September 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Thursday, September 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="themeScrp"><em>Having tender affection for you, we were determined to impart to you, not only the good news of God but also our very selves.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Thess. 2:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">When we display godlike tenderness, we can be the answer to a distressed person’s prayers. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 1:3-6</a>) However, do not expect perfection from your spiritual brothers and sisters. Keep a balanced view of them. To expect faultless behavior is unrealistic and will bring disappointment. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eccl. 7:21, 22</a>) Remember, Jehovah is realistic in what he requires of his servants. If we imitate his example, we will be prepared to put up with the imperfections of others. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Eph. 4:2,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 32</a>) Instead of giving them the impression that they are not doing enough, make it a point to commend them for what they are doing. That can encourage them. Sincere commendation can build others up in love and help them to find “cause for rejoicing” in their own sacred service. How much better when we do so rather than express frustrating comparisons with others.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Gal. 6:4</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>16 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 2:8)</strong></a> So having tender affection for you, we were determined* to impart to you, not only the good news of God but also our very selves,* because you became so beloved to us.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “well-pleased.”</p><p>Or “souls.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 1:3-6)</strong></a> Praised be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of tender mercies and the God of all comfort, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>who comforts* us in all our trials* so that we may be able to comfort others in any sort of trial* with the comfort that we receive from God. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>For just as the sufferings for the Christ abound in us, so the comfort we receive through the Christ also abounds. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>Now if we face trials,* it is for your comfort and salvation; and if we are being comforted, it is for your comfort, which acts to help you to endure the same sufferings that we also suffer.</p><p></p><p>Or “encourages.”</p><p>Or “tribulation.”</p><p>Or “tribulation.”</p><p>Or “tribulation.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eccl. 7:21, 22)</strong></a> Also, do not take to heart every word that people say; otherwise, you may hear your servant calling down evil on* you; <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>for you well know in your heart that many times you yourself have called down evil on others.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “cursing.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:2)</strong></a> with all humility* and mildness, with patience, putting up with one another in love,</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:32)</strong></a> But become kind to one another, tenderly compassionate, freely forgiving one another just as God also by Christ freely forgave you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:4)</strong></a> But let each one examine his own actions, and then he will have cause for rejoicing in regard to himself alone, and not in comparison with the other person.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
