<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, September 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80"><span id="page97" class="pageNum" data-no="97" data-before-text="97"></span>Sunday, September 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>I have great grief and unceasing pain in my heart.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 9:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">Paul felt discouraged by the Jews’ negative reaction to the Kingdom message. Even so, he did not give up on them. Note what he further said in his letter to the Christians in Rome about his feelings toward those Jews: “The goodwill of my heart and my supplication to God for them are indeed for their salvation. For I bear them witness that they have a zeal for God, but not according to accurate knowledge.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 10:1, 2</a>) Paul stated why he kept on preaching to the Jews. He was moved by <em>“the goodwill of [his] heart.” </em>It was his heart’s desire that some Jews would find salvation. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 11:13, 14</a>) He implored God in prayer to help individual Jews to accept the Kingdom message. Paul added: <em>“They have a zeal for God.” </em>He saw a potential for good in people. Zeal, if properly directed, can transform sincere individuals into zealous disciples of Christ, as Paul well knew. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>13 ¶4;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation2"> 15-16 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 9:2)</strong></a> that I have great grief and unceasing pain in my heart.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 10:1, 2)</strong></a> Brothers, the goodwill of my heart and my supplication to God for them are indeed for their salvation. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>For I bear them witness that they have a zeal for God, but not according to accurate knowledge.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 11:13, 14)</strong></a> Now I speak to you who are people of the nations. Seeing that I am an apostle to the nations, I glorify my ministry <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>to see if I may in some way incite my own people to jealousy and save some from among them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
