<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, September 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35"><span id="page92" class="pageNum" data-no="92" data-before-text="92"></span>Saturday, September 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class="themeScrp"><em>How long must I ask for help from violence, but you do not intervene?​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Hab. 1:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">Habakkuk lived during a very difficult and challenging time. He was deeply saddened because he was surrounded by wicked, violent people. When would their wickedness end? Why did Jehovah take so long before acting? All Habakkuk saw was injustice and oppression practiced by his own countrymen. He felt helpless. So in the midst of this dark period, he called on Jehovah to intervene. Habakkuk may have started to imagine that Jehovah was not concerned. It seemed that God would not act soon enough. Can you identify with the feelings of this dear servant of God? Had Habakkuk lost trust in Jehovah? Did he fail to maintain his faith in God’s promises? By no means! The mere fact that he entrusted his problems and concerns to Jehovah and not to humans shows that he had not given up in despair. He was obviously troubled because he could not understand God’s timing or the reason why Jehovah allowed him to be in such a painful situation. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.11 </em>14 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Hab. 1:2)</strong></a> How long, O Jehovah, must I cry for help, but you do not hear? How long must I ask for help from violence, but you do not intervene?*</p><p></p><p>Or “save.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
