<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, September 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Monday, September 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>This is the carpenter, the son of Mary.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Mark 6:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">At 30 years of age, Jesus laid aside his carpenter’s tools because he knew that being a minister was the more important occupation. He said that the work of declaring the good news of the Kingdom of God was one reason why God sent him to the earth. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 20:28;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Luke 3:23;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 4:43</a>) Jesus made the ministry the primary focus of his life, and he wanted others to join him in that work. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 9:35-38</a>) We may not be carpenters, but we certainly are ministers of the good news. That occupation is so important that God is involved; we are called “God’s fellow workers.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">1 Cor. 3:9;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 2 Cor. 6:4</a>) We acknowledge that “the very essence of [Jehovah’s] word is truth.” (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Ps. 119:159, 160</a>) That is why we want to be sure that we are “handling the word of the truth aright” in our ministry. (<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">2 Tim. 2:15</a>) To that end, we keep honing our skills in using the Bible, the principal tool that we use to teach the truth about Jehovah, Jesus, and the Kingdom. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.10 </em>11 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Mark 6:3)</strong></a> This is the carpenter, the son of Mary and the brother of James, Joseph, Judas, and Simon, is it not? And his sisters are here with us, are they not?” So they began to stumble because of him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 20:28)</strong></a> Just as the Son of man came, not to be ministered to, but to minister and to give his life as a ransom in exchange for many.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 3:23)</strong></a> When Jesus began his work, he was about 30 years old, being the son, as the opinion was, of Joseph, son of Heʹli,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 4:43)</strong></a> But he said to them: “I must also declare the good news of the Kingdom of God to other cities, because for this I was sent.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 9:35-38)</strong></a> And Jesus set out on a tour of all the cities and villages, teaching in their synagogues and preaching the good news of the Kingdom and curing every sort of disease and every sort of infirmity. <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>On seeing the crowds, he felt pity for them, because they were skinned and thrown about like sheep without a shepherd. <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>Then he said to his disciples: “Yes, the harvest is great, but the workers are few. <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>Therefore, beg the Master of the harvest to send out workers into his harvest.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 3:9)</strong></a> For we are God’s fellow workers. You are God’s field under cultivation, God’s building.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 6:4)</strong></a> but in every way we recommend ourselves as God’s ministers, by the endurance of much, by tribulations, by times of need, by difficulties,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:159, 160)</strong></a> See how I love your orders! O Jehovah, preserve me alive because of your loyal love. <strong><sup>160 </sup></strong>The very essence of your word is truth, And all your righteous judgments endure forever.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 2:15)</strong></a> Do your utmost to present yourself approved to God, a workman with nothing to be ashamed of, handling the word of the truth aright.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
