<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, September 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Thursday, September 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class="themeScrp"><em>Let marriage be honorable among all.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 13:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">Paul was not making a mere casual observation. Rather, that text was directing, yes urging, Christians personally to esteem marriage, to view it as precious. Is that your view of marriage in general and particularly of your own marriage if you have a mate? In honoring marriage, you are in the best of company. Jesus honored marriage. When the Pharisees asked Jesus about divorce, he referred to what God had said regarding the first marriage: “For this reason a man will leave his father and his mother, and the two will be one flesh.” Jesus added: “What God has yoked together, let no man put apart.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted10.xhtml#citation2">Mark 10:2-12;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Gen. 2:24</a>) Jesus thus agreed that marriage is of divine origin and stressed its permanence. God did not tell Adam and Eve that marriage could be ended by divorce. The standard set in that Edenic marriage was monogamy, “the two” being joined together in a lasting union. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>10-11 ¶2-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:4)</strong></a> Let marriage be honorable among all, and let the marriage bed be without defilement, for God will judge sexually immoral people* and adulterers.</p><p></p><p>See Glossary, “Sexual immorality.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 2:24)</strong></a> That is why a man will leave his father and his mother and he will stick to* his wife, and they will become one flesh.</p><p></p><p>Or “remain with.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
