<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, September 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23">Tuesday, September 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class="themeScrp"><em>When I reflected on all the works that my own hands had done . . . , I saw that everything was futile . . . There was nothing of real value.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eccl. 2:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">Fabulously rich and powerful, Solomon embarked on an experiment to “try out pleasure and see what good [would come].” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eccl. 2:1-10</a>) He built houses, designed gardens and parks, and pursued whatever he desired. How did he feel afterward? Contented? Fulfilled? Satisfied? We need not guess. Solomon himself told us in today’s text. What a powerful lesson! Will you wisely take it to heart? Jehovah wants to spare you the pain of learning life’s lessons the hard way. Granted, you need faith in order to obey God and put his will first in your life. That faith is invaluable, and it <em>never </em>disappoints. Yes, Jehovah will <em>never </em>forget “the love you showed for his name.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Heb. 6:10</a>) So work hard to build a strong faith, and thus see for yourself that your heavenly Father has your best interests at heart.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 32:8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>22 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eccl. 2:11)</strong></a> But when I reflected on all the works that my own hands had done and on all the hard work that I had toiled to accomplish, I saw that everything was futile, a chasing after the wind; there was nothing of real value* under the sun.</p><p></p><p>Or “of advantage.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eccl. 2:1-10)</strong></a> Then I said in my heart: “Come and let me try out pleasure* and see what good comes.” But look! that too was futility.  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>I said about laughter, “It is madness!” And about pleasure,* “What use is it?” <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>I explored with my heart by indulging myself with wine, all the while maintaining my own wisdom; I even embraced foolishness to find out what was the best thing for humans to do during their few days of life under the heavens. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>I undertook great works. I built houses for myself; I planted vineyards for myself. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>I made gardens and parks for myself, and I planted in them all sorts of fruit trees. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>I made pools of water for myself, to irrigate a grove* of flourishing trees. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>I acquired male and female servants, and I had servants born in my household.* I also acquired much livestock—cattle and flocks—more than any of my predecessors in Jerusalem. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>I accumulated silver and gold for myself, the treasures of* kings and of provinces. I gathered male and female singers for myself, as well as what brings great pleasure to the sons of men—a woman, yes, many women.* <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>So I grew great and surpassed anyone prior to me in Jerusalem. And my wisdom remained with me. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>I did not deny myself anything that I desired.* I did not withhold from my heart any sort of pleasure,* for my heart was joyful because of all my hard work, and this was my reward* for all my hard work.</p><p></p><p>Or “rejoicing.”</p><p>Or “rejoicing.”</p><p>Or “forest.”</p><p>Lit., “sons of the house.”</p><p>Or “property peculiar to.”</p><p>Or “a lady, yes, ladies.”</p><p>Lit., “that my eyes asked for.”</p><p>Or “rejoicing.”</p><p>Or “portion.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 6:10)</strong></a> For God is not unrighteous so as to forget your work and the love you showed for his name by ministering and continuing to minister to the holy ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 32:8)</strong></a> “I will give you insight and instruct you in the way you should go. I will give you advice with my eye upon you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
