<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, September 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Saturday, September 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class="themeScrp"><em>God went on to create the man in his image.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 1:27</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">God gave the first human couple instructions that should have made them think about the welfare of others, even though they were alone in the garden of Eden. Jehovah blessed Adam and Eve and encouraged them to multiply, fill the earth, and subdue it. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 1:28</a>) Just as the Creator was keenly interested in the welfare of his creation, the first human parents should have been interested in the happiness of their unborn children. Paradise was to be extended earth wide for the benefit of Adam’s offspring. That huge project would require the cooperation of his ever-growing family. For perfect men and women, working to extend Paradise would have meant cooperating to the full with Jehovah to achieve his purposes, thereby entering into his rest. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Heb. 4:11</a>) Imagine how fulfilling and rewarding that project would have been! Giving of themselves for the welfare of others would have brought them great blessings and immense satisfaction. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>18 ¶2;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation2"> 19-20 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 1:27)</strong></a> And God went on to create the man in his image, in God’s image he created him; male and female he created them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 1:28)</strong></a> Further, God blessed them, and God said to them: “Be fruitful and become many, fill the earth and subdue it, and have in subjection the fish of the sea and the flying creatures of the heavens and every living creature that is moving on the earth.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 4:11)</strong></a> Let us therefore do our utmost to enter into that rest, so that no one may fall into the same pattern of disobedience.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
