<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, September 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Monday, September 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class="themeScrp"><em>Reject ungodliness and worldly desires.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Titus 2:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">Consider an example of how we can protect ourselves from being influenced by Satan’s thinking. Jehovah has taught us that “sexual immorality and every sort of uncleanness [should] not even be mentioned among [us].” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 5:3</a>) But what will we do if peers at work or at school start talking about sexually immoral topics? The watchman, our conscience, might sound an alarm. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 2:15</a>) But will we listen to it? We might be tempted, instead, to listen to our peers or to look at pictures they might be sharing. But this is the time to close the city gates, so to speak, by changing the conversation or by walking away. It takes courage to resist pressure from our peers to think about or to do wrong things. We can be sure that Jehovah sees the effort we make, and he will give us the strength and wisdom we need to resist satanic thinking.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Chron. 16:9;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Isa. 40:29;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Jas. 1:5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>17-18 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Titus 2:12)</strong></a> It trains us to reject ungodliness and worldly desires and to live with soundness of mind and righteousness and godly devotion amid this present system of things,*</p><p></p><p>Or “this present age.” See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:3)</strong></a> Let sexual immorality* and every sort of uncleanness or greediness not even be mentioned among you, just as is proper for holy people;</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>por·neiʹa. </em>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 2:15)</strong></a> They are the very ones who demonstrate the matter of the law to be written in their hearts, while their conscience is bearing witness with them, and by* their own thoughts they are being accused or even excused.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “between.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Chron. 16:9)</strong></a> For the eyes of Jehovah are roving about through all the earth to show his strength* in behalf of those whose heart is complete toward* him. You have acted foolishly in this matter; from now on there will be wars against you.”</p><p></p><p>Or “support.”</p><p>Or “completely devoted to.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Isa. 40:29)</strong></a> He gives power to the tired one And full might to those lacking strength.*</p><p></p><p>Or “dynamic energy.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:5)</strong></a> So if any one of you is lacking in wisdom, let him keep asking God, for he gives generously to all and without reproaching,* and it will be given him.</p><p></p><p>Or “finding fault.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
