<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, September 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Monday, September 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class="themeScrp">[<em>Speak</em>] <em>what is good for building up as the need may be, to impart what is beneficial to the hearers.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 4:29</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">Each of us should be alert to observe “the need” that others have. Paul counseled Hebrew Christians: “Strengthen the hands that hang down and the feeble knees, and keep making straight paths for your feet, so that what is lame may not be put out of joint but, rather, may be healed.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 12:12, 13</a>) All of us, including young ones, can build one another up by words of encouragement. Paul gave this advice: “If, then, there is any encouragement in Christ, if any consolation of love, if any spiritual fellowship, if any tender affection and compassion, make my joy full by being of the same mind and having the same love, being completely united, having the one thought in mind. Do nothing out of contentiousness or out of egotism, but with humility consider others superior to you, as you look out not only for your own interests, but also for the interests of others.”​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Phil. 2:1-4</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.04 </em>22 ¶10;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation2"> 23 ¶12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:29)</strong></a> Let a rotten word not come out of your mouth, but only what is good for building up as the need may be, to impart what is beneficial to the hearers.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 12:12, 13)</strong></a> Therefore, strengthen the hands that hang down and the feeble knees, <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>and keep making straight paths for your feet, so that what is lame may not be put out of joint but, rather, may be healed.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:1-4)</strong></a> If, then, there is any encouragement in Christ, if any consolation of love, if any spiritual fellowship,* if any tender affection and compassion, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>make my joy full by being of the same mind and having the same love, being completely united,* having the one thought in mind. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Do nothing out of contentiousness or out of egotism, but with humility* consider others superior to you, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>as you look out not only for your own interests, but also for the interests of others.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “any sharing of spirit.”</p><p>Or “being joined together in soul.”</p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
