<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, September 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Saturday, September 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class="themeScrp"><em>The sons of the true God began to notice that the daughters of men were beautiful.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 6:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">Perhaps Satan tempted the disloyal angels not only with the opportunity for immoral sex but also with the promise of seizing power over mankind. His purpose may have been to disrupt the arrival of the promised ‘offspring of the woman.’ (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 3:15</a>) In any case, Jehovah ended all such plots by bringing the Flood​—a move that thwarted the efforts of Satan and the rebellious angels at that time. So, never underestimate the lure of immorality or the danger of egotism. For aeons, the angels who joined Satan served in the very presence of God. Yet, many allowed bad desires to take root and grow. Similarly, we may have served for decades in the earthly part of God’s organization. Yet, even in this spiritually clean environment, unclean desires can take root. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 10:12</a>) How important it is that we constantly search our heart, reject immoral thoughts, and suppress unhealthy pride!​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gal. 5:26;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Col. 3:5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>25 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:2)</strong></a> the sons of the true God* began to notice that the daughters of men were beautiful. So they began taking as wives all whom they chose.</p><p></p><p>A Hebrew idiom that refers to angelic sons of God.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:15)</strong></a> And I will put enmity* between you and the woman and between your offspring* and her offspring.* He will crush* your head, and you will strike* him in the heel.”</p><p></p><p>Or “hostility.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Or “bruise; strike.”</p><p>Or “bruise; crush.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 10:12)</strong></a> So let the one who thinks he is standing beware that he does not fall.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gal. 5:26)</strong></a> Let us not become egotistical, stirring up competition with one another, envying one another.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Col. 3:5)</strong></a> Deaden, therefore, your body members that are on the earth as respects sexual immorality,* uncleanness, uncontrolled sexual passion, hurtful desire, and greediness, which is idolatry.</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>por·neiʹa. </em>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
