<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, September 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44"><span id="page93" class="pageNum" data-no="93" data-before-text="93"></span>Tuesday, September 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class="themeScrp"><em>Assist those who are weak and . . . keep in mind the words of the Lord Jesus.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 20:35</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">When a husband looks to his head, Jesus Christ, as a role model, he helps his wife to cultivate “deep respect” for him. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 5:22-25,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 33</a>) Her respect, in turn, will move her to be considerate of her husband. When parents show consideration for each other, they set a fine example for their children. Parents, of course, have the primary responsibility to teach their children how to be considerate of others. For example, parents can teach them not to run around in the Kingdom Hall. At a social gathering, parents might tell their children to let older ones go ahead of them when lining up for food. When a child performs a thoughtful deed for us​—perhaps opening a door—​we should commend the child. Doing so can have a good effect on the young one, impressing on his heart that “there is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving.” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.09 </em>29 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 20:35)</strong></a> I have shown you in all things that by working hard in this way, you must assist those who are weak and must keep in mind the words of the Lord Jesus, when he himself said: ‘There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:22-25)</strong></a> Let wives be in subjection to their husbands as to the Lord, <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>because a husband is head of his wife just as the Christ is head of the congregation, he being a savior of this body. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>In fact, as the congregation is in subjection to the Christ, wives should also be to their husbands in everything. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>Husbands, continue loving your wives, just as the Christ also loved the congregation and gave himself up for it,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:33)</strong></a> Nevertheless, each one of you must love his wife as he does himself; on the other hand, the wife should have deep respect for her husband.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
