<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, September 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26"><span id="page91" class="pageNum" data-no="91" data-before-text="91"></span>Wednesday, September 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="themeScrp"><em>God recommends his own love to us in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 5:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">A spiritual person has faith in God and has God’s mind on matters. He looks to God for guidance and is determined to obey him. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 2:12, 13</a>) David is a good example. He sang: “Jehovah is my portion, my allotted share, and my cup.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 16:5</a>) That “portion” included David’s approved relationship with God, in whom he took refuge. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 16:1</a>) The result? “My whole being is joyful,” he wrote. Yes, nothing gave David more joy than intimacy with God. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 16:9,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 11</a>) The joy that David experienced does not come to those who center their lives on pleasures and riches. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">1 Tim. 6:9, 10</a>) Developing faith in Jehovah and serving him will give your life meaning and provide you with satisfaction. How can you grow in faith? You must spend time with him, as it were, by reading his Word, observing his creation, and thinking about his qualities, including his love for you.​—<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Rom. 1:20</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.12 </em>25 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 5:8)</strong></a> But God recommends his own love to us* in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.</p><p></p><p>Or “demonstrates (shows) his own love for us.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 2:12, 13)</strong></a> Now we received, not the spirit of the world, but the spirit that is from God, so that we might know the things that have been kindly given us by God. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>These things we also speak, not with words taught by human wisdom, but with those taught by the spirit, as we explain* spiritual matters with spiritual words.</p><p></p><p>Or “combine.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 16:5)</strong></a> Jehovah is my portion, my allotted share, and my cup. You safeguard my inheritance.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 16:1)</strong></a> Protect me, O God, for I have taken refuge in you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 16:9)</strong></a> So my heart rejoices, my whole being* is joyful. And I reside* in security.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “my glory.”</p><p>Or “my flesh resides.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ps. 16:11)</strong></a> You make known to me the path of life. In your presence* is abundant joy; There is happiness* at your right hand forever.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “With your face.”</p><p>Or “pleasantness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 6:9, 10)</strong></a> But those who are determined to be rich fall into temptation and a snare and many senseless and harmful desires that plunge men into destruction and ruin. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>For the love of money is a root of all sorts of injurious things, and by reaching out for this love some have been led astray from the faith and have stabbed themselves all over with many pains.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:20)</strong></a> For his invisible qualities are clearly seen from the world’s creation onward, because they are perceived by the things made, even his eternal power and Godship, so that they are inexcusable.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
