<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, September 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Friday, September 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class="themeScrp"><em>Show yourselves thankful.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 3:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">The ten men were desperate. They had leprosy, and the future looked bleak. But one day, they saw Jesus, the Great Teacher, from a distance. They had heard that Jesus healed all sorts of sicknesses. So they cried out: “Jesus, Instructor, have mercy on us!” The ten men were completely cured. No doubt all of them were grateful for Jesus’ kindness. One of them, however, did more than feel gratitude​—he expressed his appreciation to Jesus. That healed man, a Samaritan, felt compelled to glorify God “with a loud voice.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 17:12-19</a>) Like the Samaritan, we want to express our gratitude to those who are kind. Jehovah sets the example for us in expressing appreciation. One way he does this is by rewarding those who please him. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Sam. 22:21;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Ps. 13:6;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Matt. 10:40, 41</a>) And the Scriptures encourage us to “become imitators of God, as beloved children.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Eph. 5:1</a>) So a key reason why we should express appreciation is that we want to follow Jehovah’s example. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>14 ¶1-2;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation2"> 15 ¶4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 3:15)</strong></a> Also, let the peace of the Christ rule in your hearts,* for you were called to that peace in one body. And show yourselves thankful.</p><p></p><p>Or “control your hearts.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 17:12-19)</strong></a> And as he was entering a village, ten men with leprosy met him, but they stood at a distance. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>And they raised their voices and said: “Jesus, Instructor, have mercy on us!” <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>When he saw them, he said to them: “Go and show yourselves to the priests.” Then as they were going off, they were cleansed. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>One of them, when he saw that he was healed, turned back, glorifying God with a loud voice. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>And he fell facedown at Jesus’ feet, thanking him. Furthermore, he was a Sa·marʹi·tan. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>In reply Jesus said: “All ten were cleansed, were they not? Where, then, are the other nine? <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>Did no one else turn back to give glory to God except this man of another nation?” <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Then he said to him: “Get up and be on your way; your faith has made you well.”*</p><p></p><p>Or “has saved you.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 22:21)</strong></a> Jehovah rewards me according to my righteousness; He repays me according to the innocence* of my hands.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the cleanness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 13:6)</strong></a> I will sing to Jehovah, for he has richly rewarded me.*</p><p></p><p>Or “he has dealt rewardingly with me.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 10:40, 41)</strong></a> “Whoever receives you receives me also, and whoever receives me receives also the One who sent me. <strong><sup>41 </sup></strong>Whoever receives a prophet because he is a prophet will get a prophet’s reward, and whoever receives a righteous man because he is a righteous man will get a righteous man’s reward.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:1)</strong></a> Therefore, become imitators of God, as beloved children,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
