<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, September 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Wednesday, September 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp"><em>Stop calling defiled the things God has cleansed.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 10:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">Peter was perplexed as to what the voice was trying to tell him. Just then, the messengers from Cornelius arrived. After receiving direction from the holy spirit, Peter pressed forward and accompanied the messengers to the home of Cornelius. If Peter had judged matters solely on outward appearance, he would never have entered the home of Cornelius. Jews simply did not enter the homes of Gentiles. Why did Peter move forward despite deep-seated prejudices? Peter was profoundly affected by the vision he had seen and by the reassurance he received from the holy spirit. After he listened to what Cornelius related, Peter, no doubt moved by the account, declared under inspiration: “Now I truly understand that God is not partial, but in every nation the man who fears him and does what is right is acceptable to him.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 10:34, 35</a>) What a thrilling new understanding for Peter​—one with far-reaching implications! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.08 </em>9 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 10:15)</strong></a> And the voice spoke again to him, the second time: “Stop calling defiled the things God has cleansed.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 10:34, 35)</strong></a> At this Peter began to speak, and he said: “Now I truly understand that God is not partial, <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>but in every nation the man who fears him and does what is right is acceptable to him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
