<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, September 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89"><span id="page98" class="pageNum" data-no="98" data-before-text="98"></span>Wednesday, September 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class="themeScrp"><em>I will give you all this authority and their glory, because it has been handed over to me, and I give it to whomever I wish.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 4:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">Satan and the demons use not only governments but also false religion and the commercial system to mislead “the <em>entire </em>inhabited earth.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rev. 12:9</a>) Through false religion, Satan promotes lies about Jehovah. In addition, the Devil seems determined to make as many people as possible forget God’s name. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Jer. 23:26, 27</a>) As a result, sincere individuals who think that they are worshipping God are deceived into worshipping demons. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 10:20;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 2 Cor. 11:13-15</a>) Satan also promotes lies through the commercial system. For example, this system often teaches people that the best way to be happy is to pursue money and gather many possessions. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Prov. 18:11</a>) Those who believe this lie spend their lives serving “Riches” rather than God. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Matt. 6:24</a>) Eventually, their love of material things can choke any love they had for God.​—<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Matt. 13:22;</a><span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9"> 1 John 2:15, 16</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.05 </em>23 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p92" data-pid="92" class="p92"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 4:6)</strong></a> Then the Devil said to him: “I will give you all this authority and their glory, because it has been handed over to me, and I give it to whomever I wish.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 12:9)</strong></a> So down the great dragon was hurled, the original serpent, the one called Devil and Satan, who is misleading the entire inhabited earth; he was hurled down to the earth, and his angels were hurled down with him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jer. 23:26, 27)</strong></a> How long will this continue in the heart of the prophets, to prophesy lies? They are prophets of the deceit of their own heart. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>They intend to make my people forget my name by the dreams they relate to one another, just as their fathers forgot my name because of Baʹal.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 10:20)</strong></a> No; but I say that what the nations sacrifice, they sacrifice to demons and not to God; and I do not want you to become sharers with the demons.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 11:13-15)</strong></a> For such men are false apostles, deceitful workers, disguising themselves as apostles of Christ. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>And no wonder, for Satan himself keeps disguising himself as an angel of light. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>It is therefore nothing extraordinary if his ministers also keep disguising themselves as ministers of righteousness. But their end will be according to their works.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Prov. 18:11)</strong></a> The wealth of the rich is his fortified city; It is like a protective wall in his imagination.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:24)</strong></a> “No one can slave for two masters; for either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will stick to the one and despise the other. You cannot slave for God and for Riches.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Matt. 13:22)</strong></a> As for the one sown among the thorns, this is the one hearing the word, but the anxiety of this system of things and the deceptive power of riches* choke the word, and it* becomes unfruitful.</p><p></p><p>Or “the seductiveness (deceptive pleasure) of being wealthy.”</p><p>Or possibly, “he,” that is, “the one hearing the word.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(1 John 2:15, 16)</strong></a> Do not love either the world or the things in the world. If anyone loves the world, the love of the Father is not in him; <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>because everything in the world—the desire of the flesh and the desire of the eyes and the showy display of one’s means of life*—does not originate with the Father, but originates with the world.</p><p></p><p>Or “the bragging about one’s possessions.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
