<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, September 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8"><span id="page89" class="pageNum" data-no="89" data-before-text="89"></span>Thursday, September 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class="themeScrp"><em>In the midst of the congregation I will praise you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 22:22</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">King David wrote: “Jehovah is great and most worthy of praise.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 145:3</a>) He loved Jehovah, and that love moved him to praise God “in the midst of the congregation.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Chron. 29:10-13;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Ps. 40:5</a>) Today, one way we praise Jehovah is by commenting during Christian meetings. All of us appreciate hearing a variety of comments at our meetings. We enjoy the simple, sincere words of a young child. We are inspired by the excitement in the voice of someone who is commenting about a truth that he or she has just discovered. And we admire those who “mustered up courage” to give a comment, even though they are shy or are only beginning to learn our language. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Thess. 2:2</a>; ftn.) How can we show appreciation for their effort? We can thank them for their encouraging comment after the meeting. Another way is by giving a comment ourselves. Then not only do we receive encouragement at our meetings but we also give it.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Rom. 1:11, 12</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.01 </em>8 ¶1-2;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation2"> 9 ¶6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 22:22)</strong></a> I will declare your name to my brothers; In the midst of the congregation I will praise you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 145:3)</strong></a> Jehovah is great and most worthy of praise; His greatness is unsearchable.*</p><p></p><p>Or “beyond understanding.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Chron. 29:10-13)</strong></a> Then David praised Jehovah before the eyes of all the congregation. David said: “May you be praised, O Jehovah the God of Israel our father, throughout all eternity.* <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>Yours, O Jehovah, are the greatness and the mightiness and the beauty and the splendor and the majesty,* for everything in the heavens and on the earth is yours. Yours is the kingdom, O Jehovah. You are the One exalting yourself as head over all. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>The riches and the glory are from you, and you rule over everything, and in your hand there are power and mightiness, and your hand is able to make great and to give strength to all. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>And now, O our God, we thank you and praise your beautiful name.</p><p></p><p>Or “from eternity to eternity.”</p><p>Or “dignity.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 40:5)</strong></a> How many things you have done, O Jehovah my God, Your wonderful works and your thoughts toward us. None can compare to you; If I were to try to tell and speak of them, They would be too numerous to recount!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 2:2)</strong></a> For although we had first suffered and been insolently treated in Phi·lipʹpi, as you know, we mustered up boldness* by means of our God to tell you the good news of God in the face of much opposition.*</p><p></p><p>Or “courage.”</p><p>Or possibly, “amid much struggling.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:11, 12)</strong></a> For I am longing to see you, that I may impart some spiritual gift to you for you to be made firm; <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>or, rather, that we may have an interchange of encouragement by one another’s faith, both yours and mine.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
