<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, September 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es20 docId-1102020008"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Saturday, September 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class="themeScrp"><em>I will not renounce my integrity!​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Job 27:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">A young girl at school respectfully refuses to join in a holiday celebration that does not please God. A shy young man preaching from door to door knocks on the door of a fellow student who has made fun of Jehovah’s Witnesses before. A man working hard to provide for his family is asked by his boss to do something dishonest or illegal. Though he could lose his job, the man explains that he must be honest and obey the law because God requires that of his servants. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 13:1-4;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Heb. 13:18</a>) What quality do you see in those three individuals? You may notice several, such as courage and honesty. But one quality stands out as especially precious​—integrity. Each of the three shows loyalty to Jehovah. Each one refuses to compromise on God’s standards. Integrity moves those individuals to act as they do. Jehovah would surely feel proud of each one of them for showing that quality. We likewise want to make our Father in heaven proud. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102020008-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.02 </em>2 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Job 27:5)</strong></a> It is unthinkable for me to declare you men righteous! Until I die, I will not renounce* my integrity!</p><p></p><p>Or “I will not take away from myself; I will maintain.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 13:1-4)</strong></a> Let every person be in subjection to the superior authorities, for there is no authority except by God; the existing authorities stand placed in their relative positions by God. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>Therefore, whoever opposes* the authority has taken a stand against the arrangement of God; those who have taken a stand against it will bring judgment against themselves. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>For those rulers are an object of fear, not to the good deed, but to the bad. Do you want to be free of fear of the authority? Keep doing good, and you will have praise from it; <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>for it is God’s minister* to you for your good. But if you are doing what is bad, be in fear, for it is not without purpose that it bears the sword. It is God’s minister, an avenger to express wrath against the one practicing what is bad.</p><p></p><p>Or “resists.”</p><p>Lit., “servant.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:18)</strong></a> Keep praying for us, for we trust we have an honest* conscience, as we wish to conduct ourselves honestly in all things.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “good.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
