<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, January 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Sunday, January 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="themeScrp"><em>Love Jehovah, all you who are loyal to him!​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 31:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">Jehovah expects his worshippers to separate themselves from Babylon the Great. However, this requires more than our cutting ties with false religion. We must be determined to uphold true religion​—the pure worship of Jehovah. Consider two ways that we can do that. First, we must remain firm for Jehovah’s righteous moral standards. We cannot accept the world’s values and standards. For example, we do not approve of sexual immorality of any kind, including marriage between people of the same sex and other homosexual lifestyles. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 19:4, 5;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Rom. 1:26, 27</a>) Second, we must continue worshipping with our fellow Christians. We do this wherever we can, whether in our Kingdom Halls or, when necessary, in private homes or even in secret. No matter what happens, we cannot let up in our routine of meeting together for worship. In fact, we need to meet together “all the more so as [we] see the day drawing near.”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Heb. 10:24, 25</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>16 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 31:23)</strong></a> Love Jehovah, all you who are loyal to him! Jehovah protects the faithful, But he repays exceedingly anyone showing haughtiness.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 19:4, 5)</strong></a> In reply he said: “Have you not read that the one who created them from the beginning made them male and female <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>and said: ‘For this reason a man will leave his father and his mother and will stick to his wife, and the two will be one flesh’?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:26, 27)</strong></a> That is why God gave them over to disgraceful sexual passion, for their females changed the natural use of themselves into one contrary to nature; <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>likewise also the males left the natural use of the female and became violently inflamed in their lust toward one another, males with males, working what is obscene and receiving in themselves the full penalty, which was due for their error.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:24, 25)</strong></a> And let us consider* one another so as to incite* to love and fine works, <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>not forsaking our meeting together, as some have the custom, but encouraging one another, and all the more so as you see the day drawing near.</p><p></p><p>Or “be concerned about; pay attention to.”</p><p>Or “motivate; stir up.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
