<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, January 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Wednesday, January 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>My food is to do the will of him who sent me and to finish his work.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 4:34</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">Jesus set an outstanding example in his attitude toward the ministry. He made talking about God’s Kingdom the main focus of his life. He walked hundreds of miles to preach to as many as possible. He seized every opportunity to speak to people in public places and in their homes. Jesus’ whole life revolved around the ministry. We can imitate Christ by creating opportunities to talk about the good news whenever and wherever possible. We are willing to sacrifice personal comfort to engage in the evangelizing work. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Mark 6:31-34;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 1 Pet. 2:21</a>) Some in the congregation are able to serve as special, regular, or auxiliary pioneers. Others have learned to speak another language or have moved to an area where there is a need for more preachers. However, much of the evangelizing work is done by regular Kingdom publishers, who do the best they can. Whatever the case, Jehovah does not ask more of us than we can give. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>4 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 4:34)</strong></a> Jesus said to them: “My food is to do the will of him who sent me and to finish his work.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Mark 6:31-34)</strong></a> And he said to them: “Come, you yourselves, privately into an isolated place and rest up a little.” For there were many coming and going, and they had no leisure time even to eat a meal. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>So they set off in the boat for an isolated place to be by themselves. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>But people saw them going and many got to know it, and from all the cities they ran together on foot and got there ahead of them. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>Well, on getting out, he saw a large crowd, and he was moved with pity for them, because they were as sheep without a shepherd. And he started to teach them many things.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:21)</strong></a> In fact, to this course you were called, because even Christ suffered for you, leaving a model for you to follow his steps closely.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
