<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, January 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Monday, January 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class="themeScrp"><em>Wicked men and impostors will advance from bad to worse.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Tim. 3:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">It is sad when humans act in a way that pleases the Devil. However, Jehovah is never blind to Satan’s tactics. He is fully aware of the pain we experience, and he can provide the comfort we need. We are blessed to serve “the God of all comfort, who comforts us in all our trials so that we may be able to comfort others in any sort of trial with the comfort that we receive from God.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 1:3, 4</a>) Those who have been abandoned by parents or victimized by people close to them may especially need comfort. The psalmist David knew that Jehovah is the most reliable provider of comfort. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 27:10</a>) David had faith that Jehovah takes in those who have been rejected by their loved ones. How? By using his faithful human servants. Our fellow worshippers of Jehovah are our spiritual family. For instance, Jesus spoke of those who joined him in worshipping Jehovah as his brothers, sisters, and mother.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 12:48-50</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>15-16 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:13)</strong></a> But wicked men and impostors will advance from bad to worse, misleading and being misled.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 1:3, 4)</strong></a> Praised be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of tender mercies and the God of all comfort, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>who comforts us in all our trials so that we may be able to comfort others in any sort of trial with the comfort that we receive from God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 27:10)</strong></a> Even if my own father and mother abandon me, Jehovah himself will take me in.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 12:48-50)</strong></a> In reply he said to the one who spoke to him: “Who is my mother, and who are my brothers?” <strong><sup>49 </sup></strong>And extending his hand toward his disciples, he said: “Look! My mother and my brothers! <strong><sup>50 </sup></strong>For whoever does the will of my Father who is in heaven, that one is my brother and sister and mother.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
