<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, January 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Monday, January 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class="themeScrp"><em>Be steadfast, immovable, always having plenty to do in the work of the Lord, knowing that your labor is not in vain in connection with the Lord.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 15:58</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">You do not need to be physically strong in order to continue growing stronger spiritually. In fact, many whose physical strength has declined still maintain a fiery determination to keep progressing spiritually. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 4:16</a>) Perhaps you have served Jehovah for many years and now find that failing health prevents you from doing as much as you once did. If so, do not despair. Be assured that Jehovah cherishes the faithful service you have accomplished in the past. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Heb. 6:10</a>) And as for the present, remember that whole-souled devotion is not measured by how much we do in Jehovah’s service. Rather, we reveal the depth of our devotion by showing a positive spirit and by doing all that we physically can. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Col. 3:23</a>) Jehovah understands our limitations and does not require more than we can give.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Mark 12:43, 44</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>3 ¶6;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation2"> 5 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:58)</strong></a> Therefore, my beloved brothers, be steadfast, immovable, always having plenty to do in the work of the Lord, knowing that your labor is not in vain* in connection with the Lord.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “empty.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 4:16)</strong></a> Therefore, we do not give up, but even if the man we are outside is wasting away, certainly the man we are inside is being renewed from day to day.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 6:10)</strong></a> For God is not unrighteous so as to forget your work and the love you showed for his name by ministering and continuing to minister to the holy ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Col. 3:23)</strong></a> Whatever you are doing, work at it whole-souled* as for Jehovah,* and not for men,</p><p></p><p>See Glossary, “Soul.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Mark 12:43, 44)</strong></a> So he called his disciples to him and said to them: “Truly I say to you that this poor widow put in more than all the others who put money into the treasury chests. <strong><sup>44 </sup></strong>For they all put in out of their surplus, but she, out of her want,* put in everything she had, all she had to live on.”</p><p></p><p>Or “poverty.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
