<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, January 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Friday, January 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class="themeScrp"><em>The orders from Jehovah are righteous, causing the heart to rejoice; . . . in keeping them, there is a large reward.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 19:8,</a></em><span id="citationsource2"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2"> 11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">Jehovah appointed David as head not only of his family but also of the entire nation of Israel. As king, David had a lot of power. At times, he misused that power and made serious mistakes. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Sam. 11:14, 15</a>) But he showed his submission to Jehovah by accepting discipline. He poured out his heart to Jehovah in prayer. And he tried his best to obey Jehovah’s counsel. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 51:1-4</a>) In addition, he was humble enough to accept good advice not only from men but also from women. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Sam. 19:11, 12;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 25:32, 33</a>) David learned from his mistakes and centered his life on serving Jehovah. He knew the benefits of submitting to Jehovah. Today, we can see the contrast between those who submit to Jehovah and those who reject his loving counsel. Those who do submit to Jehovah “shout joyfully because of the good condition of the heart.”​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Isa. 65:13, 14</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>17 ¶15;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation2"> 19 ¶21</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 19:8)</strong></a> The orders from Jehovah are righteous, causing the heart to rejoice; The commandment of Jehovah is clean, making the eyes shine.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 19:11)</strong></a> By them your servant has been warned; In keeping them, there is a large reward.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 11:14, 15)</strong></a> In the morning David wrote a letter to Joʹab and sent it by the hand of U·riʹah. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>He wrote in the letter: “Put U·riʹah in the front lines where the fighting is fiercest. Then retreat from behind him, so that he will be struck down and die.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 51:1-4)</strong></a> Show me favor, O God, according to your loyal love. Blot out my transgressions according to your great mercy.  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>Thoroughly wash me from my error, And cleanse me from my sin.  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>For I am well-aware of my transgressions, And my sin is always before me.*  <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Against you—you above all*—I have sinned; What is bad in your eyes I have done. Therefore, you are righteous when you speak, You are right in your judgment.</p><p></p><p>Or “on my mind.”</p><p>Lit., “only you.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 19:11, 12)</strong></a> Saul later sent messengers to David’s house to watch it and to kill him in the morning, but David’s wife Miʹchal told him: “If you do not escape* tonight, tomorrow you will be a dead man.” <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>Immediately Miʹchal let David down through the window, so that he could run away and escape.</p><p></p><p>Or “If you do not let your soul escape.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 25:32, 33)</strong></a> At this David said to Abʹi·gail: “Praise Jehovah the God of Israel, who sent you this day to meet me! <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>And blessed be your good sense! May you be blessed for restraining me this day from incurring bloodguilt and from taking revenge* with my own hands.</p><p></p><p>Or “bringing salvation.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Isa. 65:13, 14)</strong></a> Therefore this is what the Sovereign Lord Jehovah says: “Look! My servants will eat, but you will go hungry. Look! My servants will drink, but you will go thirsty. Look! My servants will rejoice, but you will suffer shame. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>Look! My servants will shout joyfully because of the good condition of the heart, But you will cry out because of the pain of heart And you will wail because of a broken spirit.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
