<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, January 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8">Sunday, January 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class="themeScrp"><em>“Who has come to know the mind of Jehovah, so that he may instruct him?” But we do have the mind of Christ.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 2:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">Where are Jesus’ teachings recorded? The four Gospels record many of the things Jesus said and did on earth. The rest of the Christian Greek Scriptures​—written by men who were inspired by holy spirit and who had “the mind of Christ”—​further help us to understand Jesus’ thinking on matters. Jesus’ teachings cover all aspects of life. So the “law of the Christ” governs what we do at home, at work or at school, and in the congregation. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gal. 6:2</a>) We learn this law by reading the Christian Greek Scriptures and meditating on them. We obey this law by bringing our lives into harmony with the instructions, commands, and principles found in that inspired record. When we obey the law of the Christ, we are obeying our loving God, Jehovah, who is the Source of all that Jesus taught.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 8:28</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>3 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 2:16)</strong></a> For “who has come to know the mind of Jehovah, so that he may instruct him?” But we do have the mind of Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:2)</strong></a> Go on carrying the burdens of one another, and in this way you will fulfill the law of the Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 8:28)</strong></a> Jesus then said: “After you have lifted up the Son of man, then you will know that I am he and that I do nothing of my own initiative; but just as the Father taught me, I speak these things.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
