<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, January 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Wednesday, January 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>Do all things for God’s glory. Keep from becoming causes for stumbling.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 10:31, 32</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">When deciding whether to share in a custom or tradition, we should think about how our decision may affect the consciences of others, especially fellow Christians. Never would we want to stumble someone! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Mark 9:42</a>) Also, we want to avoid needlessly offending those who are not Witnesses. Love will move us to speak to them in a respectful way, which glorifies Jehovah. We certainly would not quarrel with people or ridicule their traditions. Remember, love is powerful! When we reflect it in a considerate and respectful manner, we may even soften the hearts of opposers. Make it known in your community that you are one of Jehovah’s Witnesses. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 43:10</a>) You will likely find it easier to handle emotionally charged situations if your relatives and neighbors know that you worship Jehovah God. May we never be ashamed of the stand that we take in defense of the truth.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rom. 1:16</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>17-18 ¶14-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 10:31, 32)</strong></a> Therefore, whether you are eating or drinking or doing anything else, do all things for God’s glory. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>Keep from becoming causes for stumbling to Jews as well as Greeks and to the congregation of God,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Mark 9:42)</strong></a> But whoever stumbles one of these little ones who have faith, it would be better for him if a millstone that is turned by a donkey were put around his neck and he were pitched into the sea.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 43:10)</strong></a> “You are my witnesses,” declares Jehovah, “Yes, my servant whom I have chosen, So that you may know and have faith in me* And understand that I am the same One. Before me no God was formed, And after me there has been none.</p><p></p><p>Or “and trust me.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:16)</strong></a> For I am not ashamed of the good news; it is, in fact, God’s power for salvation to everyone having faith, to the Jew first and also to the Greek.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
