<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, January 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89">Saturday, January 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class="themeScrp"><em>Fully accomplish your ministry.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Tim. 4:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">What does it mean to accomplish our ministry fully? Simply put, to accomplish our ministry fully, we must have as full a share as possible in the preaching and teaching work. But more is involved than the amount of time. Our motive is important to Jehovah. Because we love Jehovah and our neighbor, we work whole-souled in our Christian ministry. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Mark 12:30, 31;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Col. 3:23</a>) Serving God whole-souled means giving of ourselves, using our strength and energies to the best of our ability in his service. When we appreciate the privilege of doing the preaching work, we try to share the good news with as many people as we can. We may be limited in the amount of time we can devote to the preaching work. Yet, that is what we love to do. We strive to improve our ability to reach people’s hearts with the good news. We make the preaching work our priority. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>2 ¶3;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation2"> 3 ¶4,</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation3"> 6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 4:5)</strong></a> You, though, keep your senses in all things, endure hardship, do the work of an evangelizer,* fully accomplish your ministry.</p><p></p><p>Or “keep preaching the good news.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Mark 12:30, 31)</strong></a> and you must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind and with your whole strength.’ <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>The second is this, ‘You must love your neighbor as yourself.’ There is no other commandment greater than these.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Col. 3:23)</strong></a> Whatever you are doing, work at it whole-souled* as for Jehovah,* and not for men,</p><p></p><p>See Glossary, “Soul.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
