<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, January 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38">Wednesday, January 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class="themeScrp"><em>The lamp of the body is the eye. If, then, your eye is focused, your whole body will be bright.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 6:22</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">What did Jesus mean? He meant that we need to keep our life simple or focused on a single goal, or purpose, not being distracted or sidetracked from it. Jesus himself set the example by focusing his life on the ministry, and he taught his disciples to keep focused on serving Jehovah and on His Kingdom. We imitate Jesus by living a life that centers on the Christian ministry, “seeking first the Kingdom and [God’s] righteousness.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 6:33</a>) One way to focus on our ministry is by simplifying our life so that we can spend more time helping others come to know and love Jehovah. For example, could we adjust our secular working hours so that we can spend more time in the ministry during the week? Could we reduce some recreational activities that may be very time-consuming? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>5-6 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:22)</strong></a> “The lamp of the body is the eye. If, then, your eye is focused, your whole body will be bright.*</p><p></p><p>Or “full of light.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:33)</strong></a> “Keep on, then, seeking first the Kingdom and his righteousness, and all these other things will be added to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
