<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, January 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Thursday, January 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class="themeScrp"><em>May the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be pleasing to you, O Jehovah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 19:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">Ask yourself: ‘Is there a trace of envy or jealousy in my heart?’ (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Pet. 2:1</a>) ‘Do I feel a measure of pride because of my background, education, or financial status?’ (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 16:5</a>) ‘Do I look down on others who do not have the same things I have or who are from a different racial background?’ (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Jas. 2:2-4</a>) ‘Do I feel attracted to what Satan’s world offers?’ (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 John 2:15-17</a>) ‘Do I feel drawn to immoral and violent entertainment?’ (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Ps. 97:10;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 101:3;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> Amos 5:15</a>) The answers to these personal questions may highlight areas that you need to work on. We are strongly influenced by those with whom we associate. (<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">Prov. 13:20</a>) At work or in school, we are likely surrounded by those who will not help us to develop godly thinking. However, we can find the best type of association at our Christian meetings. There is where we can be motivated, or stirred up, to “love and fine works.”​—<span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10">Heb. 10:24, 25</a>, ftn. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>12 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 19:14)</strong></a> May the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart Be pleasing to you, O Jehovah, my Rock and my Redeemer.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:1)</strong></a> So rid yourselves of all badness and deceit and hypocrisy and envy and all backbiting.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 16:5)</strong></a> Everyone proud in heart is detestable to Jehovah. Be assured* that he will not go unpunished.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “Hand to hand.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Jas. 2:2-4)</strong></a> For if a man with gold rings on his fingers and in splendid clothing comes into your meeting, but a poor man in filthy clothing also enters, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>do you look with favor on the one wearing the splendid clothing and say, “You take this seat here in a fine place,” and do you say to the poor one, “You keep standing” or, “Take that seat there under my footstool”? <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>If so, do you not have class distinctions among yourselves, and have you not become judges rendering wicked decisions?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 John 2:15-17)</strong></a> Do not love either the world or the things in the world. If anyone loves the world, the love of the Father is not in him; <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>because everything in the world—the desire of the flesh and the desire of the eyes and the showy display of one’s means of life*—does not originate with the Father, but originates with the world. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Furthermore, the world is passing away and so is its desire, but the one who does the will of God remains forever.</p><p></p><p>Or “the bragging about one’s possessions.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ps. 97:10)</strong></a> O you who love Jehovah, hate what is bad. He is guarding the lives* of his loyal ones; He rescues them from the hand* of the wicked.</p><p></p><p>Or “souls.”</p><p>Or “power.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Ps. 101:3)</strong></a> I will not set anything worthless* before my eyes. I hate the deeds of those who deviate from what is right; I will have nothing to do with them.*</p><p></p><p>Or “good-for-nothing.”</p><p>Or “Their deeds do not cling to me.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Amos 5:15)</strong></a> Hate what is bad, and love what is good, Let justice prevail in the city gate. It may be that Jehovah the God of armies Will show favor to the remaining ones of Joseph.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Prov. 13:20)</strong></a> The one walking with the wise will become wise, But the one who has dealings with the stupid will fare badly.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:24, 25)</strong></a> And let us consider* one another so as to incite* to love and fine works, <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>not forsaking our meeting together, as some have the custom, but encouraging one another, and all the more so as you see the day drawing near.</p><p></p><p>Or “be concerned about; pay attention to.”</p><p>Or “motivate; stir up.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
