<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, October 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Monday, October 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="themeScrp"><em>My servants will shout joyfully.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 65:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">Jehovah wants his family to be happy. There are many reasons why we can be cheerful right now, even though we may be facing difficulties. For example, we are certain that our heavenly Father loves us dearly. We have an accurate knowledge of God’s Word, the Bible. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jer. 15:16</a>) And we are part of a unique family made up of people who love Jehovah, love his high moral standards, and love one another. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 106:4, 5</a>) We can remain happy because we have the sure hope that life will get even better in the future. We know that soon Jehovah will remove all the wicked and that under the direction of his Kingdom, the earth will be restored to Paradise. We also have the wonderful hope that those who have died will be raised to life and reunited with their loved ones. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">John 5:28, 29</a>) What a joy that will be! And most important, we are sure that soon everyone in heaven and on earth will give our loving Father the honor, praise, and devotion that he deserves. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>13 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 65:14)</strong></a> Look! My servants will shout joyfully because of the good condition of the heart, But you will cry out because of the pain of heart And you will wail because of a broken spirit.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jer. 15:16)</strong></a> Your words were found, and I ate them; And your word became to me the exultation and the rejoicing of my heart, For your name has been called on me, O Jehovah God of armies.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 106:4, 5)</strong></a> Remember me, O Jehovah, when you show favor* toward your people. Take care of me with your acts of salvation,  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>So that I may enjoy the goodness you show your chosen ones, That I may rejoice along with your nation, That I may proudly praise* you along with your inheritance.</p><p></p><p>Or “goodwill.”</p><p>Or “may boast about.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 5:28, 29)</strong></a> Do not be amazed at this, for the hour is coming in which all those in the memorial tombs will hear his voice <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>and come out, those who did good things to a resurrection of life, and those who practiced vile things to a resurrection of judgment.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
