<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, October 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Tuesday, October 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class="themeScrp"><em>You, O Jehovah, are my helper and comforter.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 86:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">When stressed, we can regain strength by attending congregation meetings. When we are at the meetings, we give Jehovah additional opportunities to be our “helper and comforter.” There he strengthens us by means of his holy spirit, his Word, and his people. Meetings provide us with an opportunity to enjoy “an interchange of encouragement.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 1:11, 12</a>) A sister named Sophia said: “Jehovah and our brotherhood kept me going. Most important for me were our congregation meetings. I have found that the more involved I am in the ministry and my congregation, the better I am able to deal with stress and worry.” When we feel discouraged, let us remember that Jehovah not only promises permanent relief in the future but also offers to help us deal with stress now. He gives us “the desire and the power” to overcome feelings of discouragement and hopelessness.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Phil. 2:13</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>19 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 86:17)</strong></a> Show me a sign* of your goodness, So that those who hate me may see it and be put to shame. For you, O Jehovah, are my helper and comforter.</p><p></p><p>Or “evidence.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:11, 12)</strong></a> For I am longing to see you, that I may impart some spiritual gift to you for you to be made firm; <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>or, rather, that we may have an interchange of encouragement by one another’s faith, both yours and mine.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:13)</strong></a> For God is the one who for the sake of his good pleasure energizes you, giving you both the desire and the power to act.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
