<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, October 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Tuesday, October 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class="themeScrp"><em>Come . . . into an isolated place and rest up a little.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Mark 6:31</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Regarding work, balance is important. King Solomon was inspired to write: “There is an appointed time for . . . every activity.” He mentioned planting, building, weeping, laughing, dancing, and other activities. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eccl. 3:1-8</a>) Clearly, two fundamental aspects of life are work and rest. Jesus had a balanced view of work and rest. On one occasion, the apostles returned from a preaching tour. They were so busy that “they had no leisure time even to eat a meal.” Jesus told them the words of today’s text. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Mark 6:30-34</a>) Even though he and his disciples were not always able to get the rest they wanted, Jesus knew that they all needed to rest. At times, some rest or some change truly is needed. We can see that from an arrangement that God made for his ancient people​—the weekly Sabbath. We are not under the Mosaic Law, yet we can benefit from considering what it said about the Sabbath. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>3 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Mark 6:31)</strong></a> And he said to them: “Come, you yourselves, privately into an isolated place and rest up a little.” For there were many coming and going, and they had no leisure time even to eat a meal.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eccl. 3:1-8)</strong></a> There is an appointed time for everything, A time for every activity under the heavens:  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>A time for birth and a time to die; A time to plant and a time to uproot what was planted;  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>A time to kill and a time to heal; A time to tear down and a time to build up;  <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>A time to weep and a time to laugh; A time to wail and a time to dance;*  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>A time to throw stones away and a time to gather stones together; A time to embrace and a time to refrain from embracing;  <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>A time to search and a time to give up as lost; A time to keep and a time to throw away;  <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>A time to rip apart and a time to sew together; A time to be silent and a time to speak;  <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>A time to love and a time to hate; A time for war and a time for peace.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “leap; skip about.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Mark 6:30-34)</strong></a> The apostles gathered around Jesus and reported to him all the things they had done and taught. <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>And he said to them: “Come, you yourselves, privately into an isolated place and rest up a little.” For there were many coming and going, and they had no leisure time even to eat a meal. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>So they set off in the boat for an isolated place to be by themselves. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>But people saw them going and many got to know it, and from all the cities they ran together on foot and got there ahead of them. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>Well, on getting out, he saw a large crowd, and he was moved with pity for them, because they were as sheep without a shepherd. And he started to teach them many things.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
