<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, October 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Tuesday, October 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class="themeScrp"><em>Fathers, . . . go on bringing </em>[<em>your children</em>] <em>up in the discipline and admonition of Jehovah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 6:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">Those who have a measure of authority, such as fathers, have the opportunity to benefit other people. Jehovah has assigned the father as head of the family, and God expects him to train and discipline his children. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 11:3</a>) But a father’s authority is limited​—he must answer to Jehovah, the one to whom every family owes its name. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eph. 3:14, 15</a>) Fathers show their submission to Jehovah by using their authority in a way that pleases God. Do not abuse the authority that Jehovah has given you. Admit your mistakes, and accept Bible-based counsel from others. If you do, your family will respect you for your humility. When praying with your family, pour your heart out to Jehovah​—let them hear how much you depend on him. And above all, build your life around your service to Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Deut. 6:6-9</a>) Your good example is one of the most valuable gifts that you can give to your family. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>15 ¶8;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation2"> 17 ¶14;</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation3"> 18 ¶16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:4)</strong></a> And fathers, do not be irritating your children, but go on bringing them up in the discipline and admonition* of Jehovah.*</p><p></p><p>Or “instruction; guidance.” Lit., “putting mind in.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 11:3)</strong></a> But I want you to know that the head of every man is the Christ; in turn, the head of a woman is the man; in turn, the head of the Christ is God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 3:14, 15)</strong></a> For this reason I bend my knees to the Father, <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>to whom every family in heaven and on earth owes its name.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Deut. 6:6-9)</strong></a> These words that I am commanding you today must be on your heart, <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>and you must inculcate them in* your sons and speak of them when you sit in your house and when you walk on the road and when you lie down and when you get up. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Tie them as a reminder on your hand, and they must be like a headband on your forehead.* <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Write them on the doorposts of your house and on your gates.</p><p></p><p>Or “repeat them to; impress them upon.”</p><p>Lit., “between your eyes.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
