<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, October 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47">Saturday, October 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class="themeScrp"><em>Get out of her, my people, if you do not want to share with her in her sins, and if you do not want to receive part of her plagues.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rev. 18:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">All true Christians must maintain a clear distinction between themselves and Babylon the Great. Before learning the truth, a Bible student may have been a member of a false religion. He may have attended its religious services and shared in its activities. Or he may have contributed money to such an organization. Before a Bible student can be approved as an unbaptized publisher, he must break all ties with false religion. He should submit a letter of resignation or otherwise completely sever his membership in his former church and in any other organization that has ties to Babylon the Great. A true Christian must make sure that his secular employment has nothing to do with Babylon the Great. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 6:14-17</a>) Why do we take such a firm stand? Because we do not want to share in the works and sins of religious organizations that are unclean in God’s eyes.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 52:11</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>12 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rev. 18:4)</strong></a> And I heard another voice out of heaven say: “Get out of her, my people, if you do not want to share with her in her sins, and if you do not want to receive part of her plagues.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 6:14-17)</strong></a> Do not become unevenly yoked with unbelievers. For what fellowship do righteousness and lawlessness have? Or what sharing does light have with darkness? <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Further, what harmony is there between Christ and Beʹli·al? Or what does a believer share in common with an unbeliever? <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>And what agreement does God’s temple have with idols? For we are a temple of a living God; just as God said: “I will reside among them and walk among them, and I will be their God, and they will be my people.” <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>“‘Therefore, get out from among them, and separate yourselves,’ says Jehovah, ‘and quit touching the unclean thing’”; “‘and I will take you in.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 52:11)</strong></a> Turn away, turn away, get out of there, touch nothing unclean! Get out from the midst of her, keep yourselves clean, You who are carrying the utensils of Jehovah.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
