<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, October 31
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p92" data-pid="92">Sunday, October 31</h2>
</header>
<p id="p93" data-pid="93" class="themeScrp"><em>The God of all comfort . . . comforts us in all our trials.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Cor. 1:3, 4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p94" data-pid="94" class="p94">Humans have a natural need for comfort and a remarkable ability to provide it. For instance, when a little child falls and skins his knee while playing, he may run to Mommy or Daddy, crying. The parents cannot heal the wound, but they can comfort the child. They may ask what happened, wipe away his tears, offer soothing words and affection, and perhaps apply some medicine or a bandage. Before long, the child stops crying and may even resume playing. In time, the wound will heal. Sometimes, though, children are hurt in far worse ways. Some are sexually abused. The abuse can be inflicted on a single occasion, or it may go on for years. In either case, the abuse can leave deep emotional scars. In some cases, the offender is caught and punished. In others, the abuser may seem to escape justice. But even if justice is swift, the harmful effects of the abuse may last well into adulthood. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>14 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p95" data-pid="95" class="p95"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 1:3, 4)</strong></a> Praised be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of tender mercies and the God of all comfort, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>who comforts us in all our trials so that we may be able to comfort others in any sort of trial with the comfort that we receive from God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
