<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, October 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Monday, October 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class="themeScrp"><em>I have seen servants on horseback but princes walking on foot just like servants.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eccl. 10:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">Few of us enjoy dealing with people who always insist on their own way and who refuse to accept suggestions from others. By contrast, we find it refreshing to deal with our fellow believers when they show “fellow feeling, brotherly affection, tender compassion, and humility.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Pet. 3:8</a>) If we are drawn to such people, they will likely be drawn to us​—as long as we are humble. Humility also makes our life easier. Realistically, we may observe things in life that do not seem to be right or fair. Those who have great ability do not always receive recognition. And those with less ability sometimes receive more honor. Even so, Solomon acknowledged that it is wise for us to face reality rather than to be obsessed with negative circumstances. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eccl. 6:9</a>) If we are humble, we will find it easier to accept life as it is​—not as we think it should be. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>4-5 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eccl. 10:7)</strong></a> I have seen servants on horseback but princes walking on foot just like servants.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:8)</strong></a> Finally, all of you have unity of mind,* fellow feeling, brotherly affection, tender compassion, and humility.</p><p></p><p>Or “think in agreement.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eccl. 6:9)</strong></a> Better to enjoy what the eyes see than to wander after one’s desires.* This too is futility, a chasing after the wind.</p><p></p><p>Or “than the walking about of the soul.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
