<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, October 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Friday, October 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="themeScrp"><em>We distinguish the inspired statement of truth from the inspired statement of error.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 John 4:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">Satan, “the father of the lie,” has deceived people since the start of human history. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 8:44</a>) Some of his lies include false teachings about death and about life after death. Those teachings form the basis for many popular customs and superstitions. Why are so many humans deceived? Satan’s lies about death exploit the way we naturally feel about death. Because we were created to live forever, we do not want to die. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eccl. 3:11</a>) We consider death an enemy. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 15:26</a>) Despite Satan’s efforts, the truth about death has not been kept hidden. In fact, more people than ever now know and proclaim what the Bible teaches about the condition of the dead and the hope for the dead. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Eccl. 9:5,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 10;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> Acts 24:15</a>) These truths comfort us, sparing us needless fear and uncertainty. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>14 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation2"> 15 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 John 4:6)</strong></a> We originate with God. Whoever comes to know God listens to us; whoever does not originate with God does not listen to us. By this we distinguish the inspired statement of truth from the inspired statement of error.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 8:44)</strong></a> You are from your father the Devil, and you wish to do the desires of your father. That one was a murderer when he began, and he did not stand fast in the truth, because truth is not in him. When he speaks the lie, he speaks according to his own disposition, because he is a liar and the father of the lie.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eccl. 3:11)</strong></a> He has made everything beautiful* in its time. He has even put eternity in their heart; yet mankind will never find out the work that the true God has made from start to finish.</p><p></p><p>Or “well-arranged; proper; appropriate.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:26)</strong></a> And the last enemy, death, is to be brought to nothing.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Eccl. 9:5)</strong></a> For the living know* that they will die, but the dead know nothing at all, nor do they have any more reward,* because all memory of them is forgotten.</p><p></p><p>Or “are conscious.”</p><p>Or “wages.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Eccl. 9:10)</strong></a> Whatever your hand finds to do, do with all your might, for there is no work nor planning nor knowledge nor wisdom in the Grave,* where you are going.</p><p></p><p>Or “Sheol,” that is, the common grave of mankind. See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Acts 24:15)</strong></a> And I have hope toward God, which hope these men also look forward to, that there is going to be a resurrection of both the righteous and the unrighteous.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
