<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, October 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Saturday, October 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>The fruit of the womb is a reward.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 127:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">Your children are a sacred trust, “an inheritance from Jehovah.” It is your responsibility to safeguard that trust. What can you do to protect your children from abuse? First, educate yourself about abuse. Learn about the kind of individuals who abuse children and the tactics they use to deceive them. Be alert to potential dangers. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 22:3;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 24:3</a>) Remember that in most cases, the abuser is someone the child already knows and trusts. Second, maintain good communication with your children. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Deut. 6:6, 7;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Jas. 1:19</a>) Remember that children are often reluctant to report abuse. They may fear that they will not be believed, or they may have been threatened by the abuser to keep the abuse secret. If you sense that something is wrong, kindly draw them out with questions and then patiently listen to their answers. Third, educate your children. Teach them what to say and do if someone tries to touch them in an inappropriate way. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>13 ¶19-22</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 127:3)</strong></a> Look! Sons* are an inheritance from Jehovah; The fruit of the womb is a reward.</p><p></p><p>Or “Children.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 22:3)</strong></a> The shrewd one sees the danger and conceals himself, But the inexperienced keep right on going and suffer the consequences.*</p><p></p><p>Or “penalty.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 24:3)</strong></a> By wisdom a house* is built up, And by discernment it is made secure.</p><p></p><p>Or “household.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Deut. 6:6, 7)</strong></a> These words that I am commanding you today must be on your heart, <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>and you must inculcate them in* your sons and speak of them when you sit in your house and when you walk on the road and when you lie down and when you get up.</p><p></p><p>Or “repeat them to; impress them upon.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:19)</strong></a> Know this, my beloved brothers: Everyone must be quick to listen, slow to speak, slow to anger,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
