<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, October 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Friday, October 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class="themeScrp"><em>Those whom Jehovah loves he reproves, just as a father does a son in whom he delights.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 3:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">We have many reasons for believing that Jehovah values us. He has drawn us to him and taken notice of how we responded to the good news. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 6:44</a>) As we began to draw close to Jehovah, he drew closer to us. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Jas. 4:8</a>) Jehovah also invests time and effort in educating us, showing that we are precious to him. He knows the kind of individuals we are now and the kind we can become. And he disciplines us because he loves us. What powerful evidence that Jehovah values us! Some considered King David to be worthless, but he knew that Jehovah loved and supported him. That thought affected David’s view of his situation. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Sam. 16:5-7</a>) When we feel low or face challenges, Jehovah can help us see things differently and he can help us climb over any obstacle. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 18:27-29</a>) When we have Jehovah’s backing, nothing can stop us from serving him with joy.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Rom. 8:31</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>15 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 3:12)</strong></a> For those whom Jehovah loves he reproves, Just as a father does a son in whom he delights.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 6:44)</strong></a> No man can come to me unless the Father, who sent me, draws him, and I will resurrect him on the last day.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jas. 4:8)</strong></a> Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners, and purify your hearts, you indecisive ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 16:5-7)</strong></a> When King David reached Ba·huʹrim, a man of the family of Saul’s house named Shimʹe·i, the son of Geʹra, came out shouting curses as he approached. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>He was throwing stones at David and at all the servants of King David, as well as at all the people and the mighty men on his right and on his left. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Shimʹe·i said as he cursed: “Get out, get out, you bloodguilty man! You worthless man!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 18:27-29)</strong></a> For you save those who are lowly* But you abase the haughty.* <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>For it is you who light my lamp, O Jehovah, My God who lights up my darkness. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>With your help I can charge against a marauder band; By God’s power I can scale a wall.</p><p></p><p>Or “afflicted.”</p><p>Lit., “haughty eyes.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:31)</strong></a> What, then, are we to say about these things? If God is for us, who will be* against us?</p><p></p><p>Or “can be; is.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
