<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, October 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89">Saturday, October 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class="themeScrp"><em>Go on carrying the burdens of one another, and in this way you will fulfill the law of the Christ.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gal. 6:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">Jehovah God loves his worshippers. He always has, and he always will. He also loves justice. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 33:5</a>) So we can be sure of two things: (1) It pains Jehovah when his servants are treated unfairly. (2) He will make sure that justice is served. The Law that God gave Israel through Moses was built on love. It promoted justice​—justice for all, even vulnerable ones. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Deut. 10:18</a>) That Law reveals how deeply Jehovah cares about his worshippers. The Mosaic Law ended in 33 C.E. when the Christian congregation was established. Would Christians be without the benefits of a law that is built on love and promotes justice? By no means! Christians had a new law​—“the law of the Christ.” Jesus did not write down a law code for his followers, but he did give them instructions, commands, and principles to live by. “The law of the Christ” includes everything Jesus taught. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>2 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:2)</strong></a> Go on carrying the burdens of one another, and in this way you will fulfill the law of the Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 33:5)</strong></a> He loves righteousness and justice. The earth is filled with Jehovah’s loyal love.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Deut. 10:18)</strong></a> He executes justice for the fatherless child* and the widow and loves the foreign resident, giving him food and clothing.</p><p></p><p>Or “the orphan.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
