<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, October 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Wednesday, October 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>Never be anxious.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 6:31</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">Jehovah has given his word that he will care for his loyal servants, and he feels obligated to fulfill that promise. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 31:1-3</a>) In addition, Jehovah knows that we would be devastated if he did not care for those who are part of his family. He promises to provide for us both materially and spiritually, and nothing will stop him from fulfilling that promise! (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 6:30-33;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 24:45</a>) When we remember why Jehovah keeps his promises, we can face economic challenges with confidence. Consider the example of the first-century Christians. When great persecution arose against the congregation in Jerusalem, “all except the apostles were scattered.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Acts 8:1</a>) Think what that would have meant. Economic hardship! Christians likely lost their homes and businesses. Yet, Jehovah did not abandon them; neither did they lose their joy. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Acts 8:4;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> Heb. 13:5, 6;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> Jas. 1:2, 3</a>) Jehovah supported those faithful Christians, and he will support us.​—<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">Ps. 37:18, 19</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>17-18 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:31)</strong></a> So never be anxious and say, ‘What are we to eat?’ or, ‘What are we to drink?’ or, ‘What are we to wear?’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 31:1-3)</strong></a> In you, O Jehovah, I have taken refuge. May I never be put to shame. Rescue me because of your righteousness.  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>Incline your ear* to me. Come quickly to my rescue. Become for me a mountain stronghold, A fortified place to save me.  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>For you are my crag and my stronghold; For the sake of your name, you will lead me and guide me.</p><p></p><p>Or “Bend down and listen.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:30-33)</strong></a> Now if this is how God clothes the vegetation of the field that is here today and tomorrow is thrown into the oven, will he not much rather clothe you, you with little faith? <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>So never be anxious and say, ‘What are we to eat?’ or, ‘What are we to drink?’ or, ‘What are we to wear?’ <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>For all these are the things the nations are eagerly pursuing. Your heavenly Father knows that you need all these things. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>“Keep on, then, seeking first the Kingdom and his righteousness, and all these other things will be added to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:45)</strong></a> “Who really is the faithful and discreet slave whom his master appointed over his domestics, to give them their food at the proper time?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 8:1)</strong></a> Saul, for his part, approved of his murder. On that day great persecution arose against the congregation that was in Jerusalem; all except the apostles were scattered throughout the regions of Ju·deʹa and Sa·marʹi·a.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Acts 8:4)</strong></a> However, those who had been scattered went through the land declaring the good news of the word.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:5, 6)</strong></a> Let your way of life be free of the love of money, while you are content with the present things. For he has said: “I will never leave you, and I will never abandon you.” <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>So that we may be of good courage and say: “Jehovah* is my helper; I will not be afraid. What can man do to me?”</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:2, 3)</strong></a> Consider it all joy, my brothers, when you meet with various trials, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>knowing as you do that this tested quality of your faith produces endurance.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:18, 19)</strong></a> Jehovah is aware of what the blameless go through,* And their inheritance will last forever. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>They will not be put to shame in the time of disaster; In the time of famine they will have plenty.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the days of the blameless.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
