<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, October 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Sunday, October 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class="themeScrp"><em>I am sending you out as sheep among wolves.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 10:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">Many of our brothers and sisters live in countries where they cannot preach openly or from door to door, so they find other ways to declare the good news. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 10:17-20</a>) In one such country, a circuit overseer suggested that each publisher cover his own preaching “territory” made up of relatives, neighbors, schoolmates, workmates, and acquaintances. Within two years, the number of congregations in that circuit increased significantly. We may not live in a country where we cannot preach openly. However, we can learn a valuable lesson from the example of our resourceful brothers and sisters: Always look for ways to have a full share in the ministry, confident that Jehovah will give you the power you need to overcome any obstacle. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Phil. 2:13</a>) At this momentous time, may we make sure of the more important things, be flawless, avoid stumbling others, and bear righteous fruit. Then we will abound in love and bring honor to our caring Father, Jehovah. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>13 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 10:16)</strong></a> “Look! I am sending you out as sheep among wolves; so prove yourselves cautious as serpents and yet innocent as doves.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 10:17-20)</strong></a> Be on your guard against men, for they will hand you over to local courts and they will scourge you in their synagogues. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>And you will be brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a witness to them and the nations. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>However, when they hand you over, do not become anxious about how or what you are to speak, for what you are to speak will be given you in that hour; <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>for the ones speaking are not just you, but it is the spirit of your Father that speaks by you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:13)</strong></a> For God is the one who for the sake of his good pleasure energizes you, giving you both the desire and the power to act.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
