<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, October 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Saturday, October 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="themeScrp"><em>Forgetting the things behind and stretching forward to the things ahead, I am pressing on toward the goal.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 3:13, 14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">The apostle Paul did not allow himself to be distracted, either by past accomplishments or by past mistakes. In fact, he said that “forgetting the things behind” was essential to “stretching forward to the things ahead,” that is, to completing the race successfully. What were some of the things that could have distracted Paul? First, his accomplishments in Judaism were impressive. Yet, he viewed those things as “a lot of refuse.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Phil. 3:3-8</a>) Second, he did not allow guilt over his earlier persecution of Christians to paralyze him. And third, he did not reason that he had already done enough for Jehovah. Paul had a productive ministry despite being imprisoned, beaten, stoned, and shipwrecked, as well as lacking food and clothing. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Cor. 11:23-27</a>) However, regardless of what he had already accomplished and suffered, Paul knew that he must press on. The same is true of us. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>3 ¶5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 3:13, 14)</strong></a> Brothers, I do not yet consider myself as having taken hold of it; but one thing is certain: Forgetting the things behind and stretching forward to the things ahead, <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>I am pressing on toward the goal for the prize of the upward call of God by means of Christ Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Phil. 3:3-8)</strong></a> For we are those with the real circumcision, we who are rendering sacred service by God’s spirit and boasting in Christ Jesus and who do not base our confidence in the flesh, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>though I, if anyone, do have grounds for confidence in the flesh. If any other man thinks he has grounds for confidence in the flesh, I have more: <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>circumcised the eighth day, of the nation of Israel, of the tribe of Benjamin, a Hebrew born from Hebrews; regarding law, a Pharisee; <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>regarding zeal, persecuting the congregation; regarding righteousness based on law, one who proved himself blameless. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Yet, the things that were gains to me, I have considered loss* on account of the Christ. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>What is more, I do indeed also consider all things to be loss on account of the excelling value of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord. For his sake I have taken the loss of all things and I consider them as a lot of refuse,* that I may gain Christ</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “have willingly abandoned.”</p><p>Or “garbage; rubbish.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 11:23-27)</strong></a> Are they ministers of Christ? I reply like a madman, I am more outstandingly one: I have done more work, been imprisoned more often, suffered countless beatings, and experienced many near-deaths. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>Five times I received 40 strokes less one from the Jews, <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>three times I was beaten with rods, once I was stoned, three times I experienced shipwreck, a night and a day I have spent in the open sea; <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>in journeys often, in dangers from rivers, in dangers from robbers, in dangers from my own people, in dangers from the nations, in dangers in the city, in dangers in the wilderness, in dangers at sea, in dangers among false brothers, <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>in labor and toil, in sleepless nights often, in hunger and thirst, frequently without food, in cold and lacking clothing.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
