<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, October 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Thursday, October 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>Come to me.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 11:28</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">We have chosen a life of self-sacrifice and hard work. Jesus warned us that we would be persecuted. But we can expect that Jehovah will give us the strength to endure any challenge. The more we endure, the stronger we will become. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jas. 1:2-4</a>) We can also expect that Jehovah will provide for us, that Jesus will shepherd us, and that our brothers and sisters will encourage us. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 6:31-33;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> John 10:14;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 1 Thess. 5:11</a>) The woman whom Jesus cured from her “flow of blood” was refreshed on the very day that she was healed. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Luke 8:43-48</a>) But she would receive lasting refreshment only if she became a loyal disciple of Christ. What do you think she did? If she did choose to come under Jesus’ yoke, imagine the reward​—serving with Jesus in heaven! Any sacrifices she had made to follow Christ would pale in comparison with that blessing. No matter what our hope is​—living forever in heaven or on earth—​how thankful we can be that we have accepted Jesus’ invitation: “Come to me!” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>25 ¶21-22</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:28)</strong></a> Come to me, all you who are toiling* and loaded down, and I will refresh you.</p><p></p><p>Or “struggling hard.” Or possibly, “weary; tired.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:2-4)</strong></a> Consider it all joy, my brothers, when you meet with various trials, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>knowing as you do that this tested quality of your faith produces endurance. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>But let endurance complete its work, so that you may be complete and sound in all respects, not lacking in anything.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:31-33)</strong></a> So never be anxious and say, ‘What are we to eat?’ or, ‘What are we to drink?’ or, ‘What are we to wear?’ <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>For all these are the things the nations are eagerly pursuing. Your heavenly Father knows that you need all these things. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>“Keep on, then, seeking first the Kingdom and his righteousness, and all these other things will be added to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 10:14)</strong></a> I am the fine shepherd. I know my sheep and my sheep know me,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:11)</strong></a> Therefore, keep encouraging* one another and building one another up, just as you are in fact doing.</p><p></p><p>Or “comforting.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Luke 8:43-48)</strong></a> Now there was a woman who had a flow of blood for 12 years, and she had not been able to get a cure from anyone. <strong><sup>44 </sup></strong>She approached from behind and touched the fringe* of his outer garment, and immediately her flow of blood stopped. <strong><sup>45 </sup></strong>So Jesus said: “Who touched me?” When they were all denying it, Peter said: “Instructor, the crowds are hemming you in and pressing against you.” <strong><sup>46 </sup></strong>But Jesus said: “Someone touched me, for I know* that power went out of me.” <strong><sup>47 </sup></strong>Seeing that she had not escaped notice, the woman came trembling and fell down before him and declared before all the people why she touched him and how she was healed immediately. <strong><sup>48 </sup></strong>But he said to her: “Daughter, your faith has made you well.* Go in peace.”</p><p></p><p>Or “edge; border; tassel.”</p><p>Or “perceived.”</p><p>Or “has saved you.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
