<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, October 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><strong>October</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Friday, October 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp"><em>The eyes of Jehovah are roving about through all the earth to show his strength in behalf of those whose heart is complete toward him.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Chron. 16:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">We see abundant evidence that Jehovah protects his people today. Consider: We are preaching and teaching the truth in all parts of the earth. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 28:19, 20</a>) As a result, we expose the evil works of the Devil. Surely, if Satan were able to, he would stop all our activity, but he cannot. So we do not need to be terrified of wicked spirits. If we are faithful to Jehovah, the demons cannot cause us lasting harm. However, all of us need to resist wicked spirits and trust in Jehovah. If we do that, we will receive many blessings and we will avoid being misled by Satan’s lies. Also, we will not be paralyzed by fear of the demons. Above all, we will strengthen our friendship with Jehovah. “Oppose the Devil,” wrote the disciple James, “and he will flee from you. Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you.”​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Jas. 4:7, 8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>24 ¶15;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted.xhtml#pcitation2"> 25 ¶18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Chron. 16:9)</strong></a> For the eyes of Jehovah are roving about through all the earth to show his strength* in behalf of those whose heart is complete toward* him. You have acted foolishly in this matter; from now on there will be wars against you.”</p><p></p><p>Or “support.”</p><p>Or “completely devoted to.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19, 20)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit, <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you. And look! I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jas. 4:7, 8)</strong></a> Therefore, subject yourselves to God; but oppose the Devil, and he will flee from you. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners, and purify your hearts, you indecisive ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
