<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, November 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Friday, November 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class="themeScrp"><em>Do not imitate what is bad, but imitate what is good.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">3 John 11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">Isaac was a wealthy man, and the Philistines envied Isaac’s prosperity. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 26:12-14</a>) They even stopped up the wells that Isaac depended on in order to water his flocks and herds. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 26:15, 16,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 27</a>) Like the Philistines, some people today become envious of those who have more material possessions than they do. They not only want the things others have but also want to deprive them of what they have. The Jewish religious leaders envied Jesus because he was much appreciated by the common people. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 7:28, 29</a>) Jesus was God’s representative, and he was teaching the truth. Even so, these religious leaders spread wicked lies and slander to ruin Jesus’ good name. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Mark 15:10;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> John 11:47, 48;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> 12:12, 13,</a><span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9"> 19</a>) What warning lesson can we learn from this account? We must fight any tendency to envy those who have qualities that endear them to the congregation. Instead, we should try to imitate their loving ways.​—<span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10">1 Cor. 11:1</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>15 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(3 John 11)</strong></a> Beloved one, do not imitate what is bad, but imitate what is good. The one who does good originates with God. The one who does bad has not seen God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 26:12-14)</strong></a> And Isaac began to sow seed in that land, and in that year he reaped 100 times what he sowed, for Jehovah was blessing him. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>The man became wealthy, and he continued to prosper until he became very wealthy. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>He acquired flocks of sheep and herds of cattle and a large body of servants, and the Phi·lisʹtines began to envy him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 26:15, 16)</strong></a> So the Phi·lisʹtines took soil and stopped up all the wells that his father’s servants had dug in the days of Abraham. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>A·bimʹe·lech then said to Isaac: “Move from our neighborhood, for you have grown far stronger than we are.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gen. 26:27)</strong></a> At this Isaac said to them: “Why have you come to me, seeing that you hated me and sent me away from your neighborhood?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 7:28, 29)</strong></a> When Jesus finished these sayings, the effect was that the crowds were astounded at his way of teaching, <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>for he was teaching them as a person having authority, and not as their scribes.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Mark 15:10)</strong></a> For Pilate was aware that out of envy the chief priests had handed him over.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(John 11:47, 48)</strong></a> So the chief priests and the Pharisees gathered the Sanʹhe·drin together and said: “What are we to do, for this man performs many signs? <strong><sup>48 </sup></strong>If we let him go on this way, they will all put faith in him, and the Romans will come and take away both our place and our nation.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(John 12:12, 13)</strong></a> The next day the large crowd that had come to the festival heard that Jesus was coming to Jerusalem. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>So they took branches of palm trees and went out to meet him, and they began to shout: “Save, we pray you! Blessed is the one who comes in Jehovah’s name, the King of Israel!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(John 12:19)</strong></a> So the Pharisees said among themselves: “You see that you are not getting anywhere. Look! The whole world has gone after him.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 11:1)</strong></a> Become imitators of me, just as I am of Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
