<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, November 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Sunday, November 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>Look! a great crowd.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rev. 7:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">The apostle John received an exciting prophetic vision. In it, angels are told to hold back the destructive winds of the great tribulation until the final sealing of a group of slaves. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rev. 7:1-3</a>) That group is made up of 144,000 who will rule with Jesus in heaven. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 12:32;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Rev. 7:4</a>) Then John mentions another group, so vast that he exclaims: “Look!”​—an expression that may indicate his surprise at seeing something unexpected. What does John see? “A great crowd, which no man was able to number, out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues, standing before the throne and before the Lamb.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Rev. 7:9-14</a>) Imagine how happy John must have been to learn about myriads of people practicing true worship in the future! That vision no doubt strengthened John’s faith. How much more should it strengthen our faith, since we live in the time of the fulfillment of the vision! We have seen the gathering of millions whose hope is to survive the great tribulation and live forever on earth. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>26 ¶2-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:9)</strong></a> After this I saw, and look! a great crowd, which no man was able to number, out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues,* standing before the throne and before the Lamb, dressed in white robes; and there were palm branches in their hands.</p><p></p><p>Or “languages.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:1-3)</strong></a> After this I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, holding tight the four winds of the earth, so that no wind could blow on the earth or on the sea or on any tree. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>And I saw another angel ascending from the sunrise,* having a seal of the living God; and he called with a loud voice to the four angels to whom it was granted to harm the earth and the sea, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>saying: “Do not harm the earth or the sea or the trees, until after we have sealed the slaves of our God in their foreheads.”</p><p></p><p>Or “east.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 12:32)</strong></a> “Have no fear, little flock, for your Father has approved of giving you the Kingdom.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:4)</strong></a> And I heard the number of those who were sealed, 144,000, sealed out of every tribe of the sons of Israel:</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:9-14)</strong></a> After this I saw, and look! a great crowd, which no man was able to number, out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues,* standing before the throne and before the Lamb, dressed in white robes; and there were palm branches in their hands. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>And they keep shouting with a loud voice, saying: “Salvation we owe to our God, who is seated on the throne, and to the Lamb.” <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>All the angels were standing around the throne and the elders and the four living creatures, and they fell facedown before the throne and worshipped God, <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>saying: “Amen! Let the praise and the glory and the wisdom and the thanksgiving and the honor and the power and the strength be to our God forever and ever. Amen.” <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>In response one of the elders said to me: “These who are dressed in the white robes, who are they and where did they come from?” <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>So right away I said to him: “My lord, you are the one who knows.” And he said to me: “These are the ones who come out of the great tribulation, and they have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.</p><p></p><p>Or “languages.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
