<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, November 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Friday, November 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class="themeScrp"><em>A true friend shows love at all times and is a brother who is born for times of distress.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 17:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Today, our brothers and sisters face a variety of challenges. For instance, many suffer from natural or man-made disasters. When that happens, some of us may be able to welcome these friends into our home. Others may be able to help financially. But all of us can ask Jehovah to help our brothers and sisters. If we learn that a brother or sister is discouraged, we may not know what to say or how to react. But all of us have much to offer. For example, we can make time to be with our friend. We can listen sympathetically when he or she speaks. And we can share our favorite comforting scripture. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 50:4</a>) What matters most is that you are there with your friends when they need you. We must be determined to build and maintain strong relationships with our brothers and sisters now. Those friendships will last not only through the end of this system but for eternity! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>7 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 17:17)</strong></a> A true friend shows love at all times And is a brother who is born for times of distress.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 50:4)</strong></a> The Sovereign Lord Jehovah has given me the tongue of those taught,* So that I may know how to answer* the tired one with the right word.* He awakens me morning by morning; He awakens my ear to listen like the taught ones.</p><p></p><p>Or “a well-trained tongue.”</p><p>Or possibly, “strengthen.”</p><p>Lit., “with a word.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
