<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, November 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Friday, November 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class="themeScrp"><em>Open reproof is better than concealed love.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 27:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">We do well to remember that if someone takes the time to offer us correction, we have likely strayed more than we realize. At such times, we may find that our first inclination is to reject the counsel. We might criticize the person who gave it or the way he said it. But if we are humble, we will strive to regain our balance. A humble person appreciates counsel. To illustrate: Imagine that you are at a Christian meeting. After talking with several fellow believers, you are pulled aside by one of them who discreetly mentions that you have some food on your teeth. No doubt, you would feel embarrassed. But would you not also appreciate that he or she let you know? In fact, you might wish that someone else had told you sooner! Likewise, we should humbly appreciate a fellow believer who has the courage to offer us counsel when we need it. We view that person as our friend, not our enemy.​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 27:6;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Gal. 4:16</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>5 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 27:5)</strong></a> Open reproof is better than concealed love.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 27:6)</strong></a> The wounds inflicted by a friend are faithful, But an enemy’s kisses are plentiful.*</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “insincere; forced.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gal. 4:16)</strong></a> So, then, have I become your enemy because I tell you the truth?</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
