<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, November 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Thursday, November 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class="themeScrp"><em>If any are not obedient to the word, they may be won without a word . . . because of having been eyewitnesses of your chaste conduct together with deep respect.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 3:1, 2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">We cannot force our relatives to accept the good news, but we can encourage them to open their minds and hearts to the Bible’s message. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Tim. 3:14, 15</a>) Let your conduct speak for you. Often, what we do makes a bigger impression on our relatives than what we say. Persevere in trying to help your relatives. Jehovah sets the example for us. “Again and again” he gives people the opportunity to respond to the good news and gain life. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Jer. 44:4</a>) And the apostle Paul told Timothy to persevere in helping others. Why? Because by doing so, he would save himself and those who listened to him. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Tim. 4:16</a>) We love our relatives, so we want them to know the truths found in God’s Word. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>14 ¶2;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation2"> 16-17 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:1, 2)</strong></a> In the same way, you wives, be in subjection to your husbands, so that if any are not obedient to the word, they may be won without a word through the conduct of their wives, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>because of having been eyewitnesses of your chaste conduct together with deep respect.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:14, 15)</strong></a> You, however, continue in the things that you learned and were persuaded to believe, knowing from whom you learned them <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>and that from infancy you have known the holy writings, which are able to make you wise for salvation through faith in Christ Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jer. 44:4)</strong></a> I kept sending all my servants the prophets to you, sending them again and again,* saying: “Please do not do this detestable thing that I hate.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “rising up early and sending.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 4:16)</strong></a> Pay constant attention to yourself and to your teaching. Persevere in these things, for by doing this you will save both yourself and those who listen to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
