<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, November 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Tuesday, November 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>They will gather his chosen ones together.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 24:31</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">In recent years, the number of those partaking at the Memorial has been going up. Do we need to worry about this? No. “Jehovah knows those who belong to him.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Tim. 2:19</a>) Unlike Jehovah, the brothers who count the number of those partaking at the Memorial do not know who truly is anointed. So the number includes those who think that they are anointed but are not. For example, some who used to partake later stopped. Others may have mental or emotional problems that make them believe that they will rule with Christ in heaven. Clearly, we do not know exactly how many anointed ones are left on earth. There will be anointed ones in many parts of the earth when Jesus comes to take them to heaven. The Bible does say that during the last days, there will be a small number of anointed ones left on earth. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rev. 12:17</a>) But it does not say how many of them will be left when the great tribulation begins. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>29-30 ¶11-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:31)</strong></a> And he will send out his angels with a great trumpet sound, and they will gather his chosen ones together from the four winds, from one extremity of the heavens to their other extremity.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 2:19)</strong></a> Despite that, the solid foundation of God remains standing, having this seal, “Jehovah* knows those who belong to him,” and, “Let everyone calling on the name of Jehovah* renounce unrighteousness.”</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 12:17)</strong></a> So the dragon became enraged at the woman and went off to wage war with the remaining ones of her offspring,* who observe the commandments of God and have the work of bearing witness concerning Jesus.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
