<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, November 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Thursday, November 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class="themeScrp"><em>Continue to be made new in your dominant mental attitude.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 4:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">All of us need to ask ourselves, ‘Are the changes I am making to become a Christian only skin-deep, or am I truly becoming a Christian deep within?’ The difference is important. In his words recorded at <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matthew 12:43-45</a>, Jesus indicated what needs to be done. The idea behind those words highlights this important truth: It is not enough to get rid of wrong thoughts; we need to fill the void with godly thinking. Is it possible to change our basic inclinations or who we really are inside? God’s Word answers: “Put on the new personality that was created according to God’s will in true righteousness and loyalty.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eph. 4:24</a>) Yes, it is possible to change what we are inside, but it is not easy to do. We need to do more than just suppress wrong desires and actions. We need to change our “dominant mental attitude.” That involves changing our desires, our tendencies, and our motivations. This requires continuous action. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>9-10 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:23)</strong></a> And you should continue to be made new in your dominant mental attitude,*</p><p></p><p>Or “in the force actuating your mind.” Lit., “to the spirit of your mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 12:43-45)</strong></a> “When an unclean spirit comes out of a man, it passes through waterless places in search of a resting-place and finds none. <strong><sup>44 </sup></strong>Then it says, ‘I will go back to my house from which I moved,’ and on arriving, it finds the house unoccupied but swept clean and adorned. <strong><sup>45 </sup></strong>Then it goes and takes along with it seven different* spirits more wicked than itself, and after getting inside, they dwell there; and the final circumstances of that man become worse than the first. That is how it will be also with this wicked generation.”</p><p></p><p>Or “other.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:24)</strong></a> and should put on the new personality that was created according to God’s will in true righteousness and loyalty.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
