<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, November 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Tuesday, November 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="themeScrp"><em>Pray constantly.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Thess. 5:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">We can respectfully approach our God at any time, no matter where we are. He is never too busy to listen to us; he is always available and attentive. When we appreciate that Jehovah listens to our prayers, we are drawn to him. “I love Jehovah,” said the psalmist, “because he hears my voice.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 116:1</a>) Our Father not only listens to our prayers but also answers them. The apostle John assures us: “No matter what we ask according to [God’s] will, he hears us.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 John 5:14, 15</a>) Of course, Jehovah may not answer our prayers in the way that we expect. He knows what is best for us, so sometimes his answer is no or he wants us to wait. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Cor. 12:7-9</a>) Jehovah provides for us. He does what he requires all fathers to do. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Tim. 5:8</a>) He cares for the material needs of his children. He does not want us to be anxious about our food, clothing, or shelter. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Matt. 6:32, 33;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 7:11</a>) As a loving parent, Jehovah has even arranged to satisfy all our future needs. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>5 ¶10-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:17)</strong></a> Pray constantly.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 116:1)</strong></a> I love Jehovah Because he hears* my voice, my pleas for help.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “I love because Jehovah hears.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 John 5:14, 15)</strong></a> And this is the confidence* that we have toward him, that no matter what we ask according to his will, he hears us. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>And if we know that he hears us concerning whatever we are asking, we know that we are to have the things we ask for, since we have asked them of him.</p><p></p><p>Or “freeness of speech.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 12:7-9)</strong></a> just because of receiving such extraordinary revelations. To keep me from becoming overly exalted, I was given a thorn in the flesh, an angel of Satan, to keep slapping me, so that I might not be overly exalted. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Three times I begged the Lord about this, that it would depart from me. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>But he said to me: “My undeserved kindness is sufficient for you, for my power is being made perfect in weakness.” Most gladly, then, I will boast about my weaknesses, in order that the power of the Christ may remain over me like a tent.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 5:8)</strong></a> Certainly if anyone does not provide for those who are his own, and especially for those who are members of his household, he has disowned the faith and is worse than a person without faith.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:32, 33)</strong></a> For all these are the things the nations are eagerly pursuing. Your heavenly Father knows that you need all these things. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>“Keep on, then, seeking first the Kingdom and his righteousness, and all these other things will be added to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Matt. 7:11)</strong></a> Therefore, if you, although being wicked, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more so will your Father who is in the heavens give good things to those asking him!</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
