<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, November 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38">Saturday, November 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class="themeScrp"><em>Observe, my son, the commandment of your father, and do not forsake the instruction of your mother.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 6:20</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">Jehovah has assigned the mother an honorable role in the family, and he has given her a measure of authority over her children. In fact, a mother’s influence on her children can be profound and lifelong. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 22:6</a>) Note what mothers can learn from Mary, the mother of Jesus. Mary knew the Scriptures very well. She had developed a deep respect for Jehovah and had formed a strong personal friendship with him. She was willing to submit to Jehovah’s direction, even though it involved changing her entire life course. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 1:35-38,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 46-55</a>) Mothers, you can imitate Mary in a number of ways. How? First, by maintaining your own friendship with Jehovah through personal Bible study and private prayers. Second, by being willing to make changes in your life to please Jehovah. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>18 ¶17-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 6:20)</strong></a> Observe, my son, the commandment of your father, And do not forsake the instruction* of your mother.</p><p></p><p>Or “law.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 22:6)</strong></a> Train a boy* in the way he should go; Even when he grows old he will not depart from it.</p><p></p><p>Or “child; youth.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 1:35-38)</strong></a> In answer the angel said to her: “Holy spirit will come upon you, and power of the Most High will overshadow you. And for that reason the one who is born will be called holy, God’s Son. <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>And look! Elizabeth your relative has also conceived a son, in her old age, and this is the sixth month for her, the so-called barren woman; <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>for no declaration will be impossible for God.” <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>Then Mary said: “Look! Jehovah’s slave girl! May it happen to me according to your declaration.” At that the angel departed from her.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 1:46-55)</strong></a> And Mary said: “My soul magnifies Jehovah, <strong><sup>47 </sup></strong>and my spirit cannot keep from being overjoyed at God my Savior, <strong><sup>48 </sup></strong>because he has looked upon the low position of his slave girl. For look! from now on all generations will declare me happy, <strong><sup>49 </sup></strong>because the powerful One has done great deeds for me, and holy is his name, <strong><sup>50 </sup></strong>and for generation after generation his mercy is upon those who fear him. <strong><sup>51 </sup></strong>He has acted mightily with his arm; he has scattered those who are haughty in the intention of their hearts. <strong><sup>52 </sup></strong>He has brought down powerful men from thrones and has exalted lowly ones; <strong><sup>53 </sup></strong>he has fully satisfied hungry ones with good things and has sent away empty-handed those who had wealth. <strong><sup>54 </sup></strong>He has come to the aid of Israel his servant, remembering his mercy, <strong><sup>55 </sup></strong>just as he spoke to our forefathers, to Abraham and to his offspring,* forever.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
