<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, November 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Wednesday, November 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class="themeScrp"><em>They will become one flock, one shepherd.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 10:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">Not all who have the hope of living in heaven are part of “the faithful and discreet slave.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 24:45-47</a>) Just as in the first century, Jehovah and Jesus today are using a few brothers to feed, or teach, many. Only a few anointed Christians in the first century were used to write the Christian Greek Scriptures. Today, only a few anointed Christians have the responsibility to give God’s people “food at the proper time.” Jehovah has decided to give everlasting life on earth to the vast majority of his people and life in heaven to those few who will rule with Jesus. Jehovah rewards all his servants​—the “Jew” as well as the “ten men”—​and he requires them to obey the same laws and remain faithful. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Zech. 8:23</a>) All must stay humble. All must serve him together and be united. And all must work to keep the peace in the congregation. As we get closer to the end, let us all keep serving Jehovah and following Christ as “one flock.” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>31 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 10:16)</strong></a> “And I have other sheep, which are not of this fold; those too I must bring in, and they will listen to my voice, and they will become one flock, one shepherd.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:45-47)</strong></a> “Who really is the faithful and discreet slave whom his master appointed over his domestics, to give them their food at the proper time? <strong><sup>46 </sup></strong>Happy is that slave if his master on coming finds him doing so! <strong><sup>47 </sup></strong>Truly I say to you, he will appoint him over all his belongings.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Zech. 8:23)</strong></a> “This is what Jehovah of armies says, ‘In those days ten men out of all the languages of the nations will take hold, yes, they will take firm hold of the robe* of a Jew,* saying: “We want to go with you, for we have heard that God is with you people.”’”</p><p></p><p>Or “extremity of the garment.”</p><p>Lit., “a Jewish man.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
