<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, November 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Sunday, November 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class="themeScrp"><em>Make disciples.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 28:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">Our goal is to help our Bible student to grow spiritually. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 4:13</a>) When someone agrees to a study of the Bible, he may mainly be interested in how the study will benefit him personally. As his love for Jehovah grows, however, he will likely begin to think about how he can help others, including those who are already part of the congregation. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 22:37-39</a>) When the time is right, do not hold back from mentioning the privilege of supporting the Kingdom work financially. Teach your Bible student what to do when problems arise. Suppose, for example, that your student, an unbaptized publisher, tells you that he has been offended by someone in the congregation. Rather than take sides, why not explain what his Scriptural options are? He can either forgive the brother or, if he cannot let the matter go, approach the person kindly and lovingly with the goal of ‘gaining the brother.’ (Compare <span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matthew 18:15</a>.) Help your student to prepare what he is going to say. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>5-6 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:13)</strong></a> until we all attain to the oneness* of the faith and of the accurate knowledge of the Son of God, to being a full-grown* man, attaining the measure of stature that belongs to the fullness of the Christ.</p><p></p><p>Or “unity.”</p><p>Or “mature.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 22:37-39)</strong></a> He said to him: “‘You must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind.’ <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>This is the greatest and first commandment. <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>The second, like it, is this: ‘You must love your neighbor as yourself.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 18:15)</strong></a> “Moreover, if your brother commits a sin, go and reveal his fault* between you and him alone. If he listens to you, you have gained your brother.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “go reprove him.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
