<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, November 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Saturday, November 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>This is the law of the communion sacrifice that one may present to Jehovah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Lev. 7:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">This was a voluntary offering that the individual made because he loved his God, Jehovah. The person making the offering, his family, and the priests would eat the meat of the sacrificed animal. But certain parts of the animal sacrifice were offered up exclusively to Jehovah. Which parts? Jehovah viewed the fat as the best part of an animal. He also specified that vital organs, including the kidneys, were of special value. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Lev. 3:6,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 12,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 14-16</a>) So Jehovah was especially pleased when an Israelite voluntarily offered vital organs and the fat to him. The Israelite who made such an offering demonstrated his deep desire to offer the very best to God. In a similar way, Jesus willingly offered up to Jehovah his very best by serving Him whole-souled out of love for Him. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">John 14:31</a>) For Jesus, doing God’s will was a delight. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Ps. 40:8</a>) How pleasing it must have been for Jehovah to see Jesus serve him so willingly! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>22-23 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Lev. 7:11)</strong></a> “‘Now this is the law of the communion sacrifice that one may present to Jehovah:</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Lev. 3:6)</strong></a> “‘If his offering is from the flock for a communion sacrifice to Jehovah, he will present a sound male or a female animal.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Lev. 3:12)</strong></a> “‘If his offering is a goat, then he will present it before Jehovah.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Lev. 3:14-16)</strong></a> The part he will present as his offering made by fire to Jehovah is the fat that covers the intestines, all the fat that surrounds the intestines, <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>and the two kidneys with the fat on them that is near the loins. He will also remove the appendage of the liver along with the kidneys. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>The priest will make them smoke on the altar as food,* an offering made by fire for a pleasing* aroma. All the fat belongs to Jehovah.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “bread,” that is, as God’s share of the communion sacrifice.</p><p>Or “appeasing; soothing.” Lit., “restful.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 14:31)</strong></a> But for the world to know that I love the Father, I am doing just as the Father has commanded me to do. Get up, let us go from here.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ps. 40:8)</strong></a> To do your will, O my God, is my delight,* And your law is deep within me.</p><p></p><p>Or “desire.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
