<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, November 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><strong>November</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Monday, November 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp"><em>Consider others superior to you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 2:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">Today, many people who are considered wise would ridicule the Bible’s counsel about self-importance. They would say that considering others superior to you would make you vulnerable and that others would take advantage of you. But what fruitage has the self-centered attitude promoted by Satan’s world produced? Are selfish people happy? Do they have happy families and genuine friends? Do they have a close friendship with God? From what you have seen, which produces the best results​—following the wisdom of this world or the wisdom found in God’s Word? (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 3:19</a>) People who follow the advice of those whom the world views as wise are like a tourist who asks a fellow tourist for directions when both of them are lost. Jesus said regarding the “wise” men of his day: “Blind guides is what they are. If, then, a blind man guides a blind man, both will fall into a pit.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 15:14</a>) Truly, the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>24-25 ¶14-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:3)</strong></a> Do nothing out of contentiousness or out of egotism, but with humility* consider others superior to you,</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 3:19)</strong></a> For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God, for it is written: “He catches the wise in their own cunning.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 15:14)</strong></a> Let them be. Blind guides is what they are. If, then, a blind man guides a blind man, both will fall into a pit.”*</p><p></p><p>Or “ditch.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
