<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, December 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Monday, December 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>Men spoke from God as they were moved by holy spirit.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Pet. 1:21</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">The Greek word translated “moved” literally means “carried along; borne along.” A similar form of the same Greek word was used by Luke, the writer of Acts, to describe a ship that is “driven along” by the wind. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 27:15</a>) So when the apostle Peter wrote that Bible writers were “borne along,” he used “a fascinating maritime metaphor,” as one Bible scholar put it. Peter said, in effect, that just as a ship is carried along by the wind to accomplish its journey, so Bible prophets and writers were borne along by holy spirit to accomplish their task. The same scholar said: “The prophets raised their sails, so to speak.” Jehovah did his part. He provided “the wind,” or holy spirit. The Bible writers did their part. They worked in harmony with the direction of that spirit. And today, like a favorable wind on a stormy sea, holy spirit moves us forward through stormy trials to the haven of God’s promised new world. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>9 ¶7-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 1:21)</strong></a> For prophecy was at no time brought by man’s will, but men spoke from God as they were moved* by holy spirit.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “carried along; borne along.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 27:15)</strong></a> As the ship was violently seized and was not able to keep its head against the wind, we gave way to it and were driven along.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
