<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, December 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89">Thursday, December 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class="themeScrp"><em>The time left is reduced.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 7:29</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">If your Bible student is not making steady progress, at some point you will have to ask yourself, ‘Should I stop the study?’ In analyzing the situation, ask yourself: ‘Is my student progressing at a reasonable pace for his situation?’ ‘Is he beginning “to observe,” or apply, the things he is learning?’ (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 28:20</a>) Sad to say, some students are like the Israelites of Ezekiel’s day. Of them, Jehovah told Ezekiel: “Look! You are to them like a romantic love song, sung with a beautiful voice and skillfully played on a stringed instrument. They will hear your words, but no one will act on them.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ezek. 33:32</a>) We may find it hard to tell a person that we will stop studying with him. However, “the time left is reduced.” Rather than spend more time conducting an unproductive study, we need to find someone who gives evidence that he is “rightly disposed for everlasting life.”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 13:48</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>6 ¶17;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation2"> 7 ¶20</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:29)</strong></a> Moreover, this I say, brothers, the time left is reduced. From now on, let those who have wives be as though they had none,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:20)</strong></a> teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you. And look! I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ezek. 33:32)</strong></a> Look! You are to them like a romantic love song, sung with a beautiful voice and skillfully played on a stringed instrument. They will hear your words, but no one will act on them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 13:48)</strong></a> When those of the nations heard this, they began to rejoice and to glorify the word of Jehovah, and all those who were rightly disposed for everlasting life became believers.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
