<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, December 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47">Thursday, December 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class="themeScrp"><em>Though Jehovah is high, he takes note of the humble.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 138:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">A Christian man could begin to think that he is the one who is most qualified for a certain assignment. Or a Christian wife might think, ‘My husband is much more qualified than so-and-so!’ However, if we are truly humble, we will avoid such a prideful spirit. We can learn from the way that Moses reacted when others received privileges. Moses appreciated his assignment of leading the nation of Israel. How did Moses react when Jehovah permitted others to serve alongside him? He was not jealous. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Num. 11:24-29</a>) As to judging the people, he humbly allowed others to share some of his workload. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted16.xhtml#citation3">Ex. 18:13-24</a>) This meant better service for the Israelites whom he was appointed to judge. In that sense, Moses did not put his privileges ahead of the welfare of others. What a good example for us! We remember that if we are to be truly useful to Jehovah, our humility should exceed our ability. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>5-6 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 138:6)</strong></a> Though Jehovah is high, he takes note of the humble, But the haughty he knows only from a distance.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Num. 11:24-29)</strong></a> So Moses went out and spoke the words of Jehovah to the people. And he gathered 70 men from the elders of the people and had them stand around the tent. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>Then Jehovah came down in a cloud and spoke to him and took away some of the spirit that was on him and put it on each of the 70 elders. And as soon as the spirit settled down on them, they began to behave as prophets,* but they did not do it again. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>There were two of the men still in the camp. Their names were Elʹdad and Meʹdad. And the spirit began to settle down on them, as they were among those whose names had been written down, but they had not gone out to the tent. So they began to behave as prophets in the camp. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>And a young man ran and reported to Moses: “Elʹdad and Meʹdad are behaving as prophets in the camp!” <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>Then Joshua the son of Nun, the minister of Moses from his youth, responded and said: “My lord Moses, restrain them!” <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>But Moses said to him: “Are you jealous for me? No, I wish that all of Jehovah’s people were prophets and that Jehovah would put his spirit on them!”</p><p></p><p>Or “began to prophesy.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
