<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, December 31
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p92" data-pid="92">Friday, December 31</h2>
</header>
<p id="p93" data-pid="93" class="themeScrp"><em>Let your Kingdom come. Let your will take place, as in heaven, also on earth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 6:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p94" data-pid="94" class="p94">Christendom generally does not teach the Scriptural truth that one day obedient humans will live forever on earth. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 4:3, 4</a>) Today, most religions in Christendom teach that all good people go to heaven when they die. It was different, however, with the small group of Bible Students who were publishing the <em>Watch Tower </em>in the late 1800’s. They understood that God would restore Paradise on earth and that millions of obedient humans would live here on earth​—not in heaven. However, it took time for them to discern clearly who these obedient humans would be. Of course, the Bible Students also discerned from the Scriptures that some would be “bought from the earth” to rule with Jesus in heaven. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rev. 14:3</a>) That group would be made up of 144,000 zealous and dedicated Christians who had served God faithfully while on earth. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>27 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p95" data-pid="95" class="p95"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:10)</strong></a> Let your Kingdom come. Let your will take place, as in heaven, also on earth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 4:3, 4)</strong></a> If, in fact, the good news we declare is veiled, it is veiled among those who are perishing, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>among whom the god of this system of things has blinded the minds of the unbelievers, so that the illumination* of the glorious good news about the Christ, who is the image of God, might not shine through.</p><p></p><p>Or “light.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 14:3)</strong></a> And they are singing what seems to be a new song before the throne and before the four living creatures and the elders, and no one was able to master that song except the 144,000, who have been bought from the earth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
