<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, December 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Thursday, December 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="themeScrp"><em>Warn the disorderly, . . . support the weak, be patient toward all.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Thess. 5:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">Jehovah sent angels not only to warn Lot but also to help him escape the disaster brought on Sodom. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 19:12-14,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 17</a>) Likewise, we may need to warn our brother if we see that he is heading for trouble. Even if he is slow to apply the Bible-based counsel he receives, we need to be patient. Be like the two angels. Rather than give up and draw away from our brother, we should look for practical ways to assist him. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 John 3:18</a>) We may need to offer to take him by the hand, figuratively speaking, and help him apply the good advice he is given. Jehovah could have focused on Lot’s imperfections. Instead, he later inspired the apostle Peter to refer to Lot as a righteous man. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 130:3</a>) Can we imitate the way that Jehovah viewed Lot? If we focus on the good qualities of our brothers and sisters, we will be more patient with them. They, in turn, will be more likely to accept the help we offer. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>21 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:14)</strong></a> On the other hand, we urge you, brothers, to warn* the disorderly, speak consolingly to those who are depressed,* support the weak, be patient toward all.</p><p></p><p>Or “admonish.”</p><p>Or “those who are discouraged.” Lit., “those of little soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 19:12-14)</strong></a> Then the men said to Lot: “Do you have anyone else here? Sons-in-law, your sons, your daughters, and all your people in the city, bring out of this place! <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>For we are going to destroy this place, because the outcry against them has indeed grown great* before Jehovah, so that Jehovah sent us to destroy the city.” <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>So Lot went out and began to speak to his sons-in-law who were to marry his daughters, and he kept saying: “Get up! Get out of this place, because Jehovah will destroy the city!” But to his sons-in-law, he seemed to be joking.</p><p></p><p>Or “loud.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 19:17)</strong></a> As soon as they had brought them to the outskirts, he said: “Escape for your life!* Do not look behind you and do not stand still in any part of the district! Escape to the mountainous region so that you may not be swept away!”</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 John 3:18)</strong></a> Little children, we should love, not in word or with the tongue, but in deed and truth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 130:3)</strong></a> If errors were what you watch,* O Jah,* Then who, O Jehovah, could stand?</p><p></p><p>Or “keep track of.”</p><p>“Jah” is a shortened form of the name Jehovah.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
