<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, December 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Sunday, December 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class="themeScrp"><em>No one can slave for two masters.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 6:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">A person who worships Jehovah while also spending excessive time and effort trying to gain this world’s riches would, in a sense, be trying to serve two masters. He would not be giving Jehovah exclusive devotion. Near the end of the first century C.E., members of the congregation in the city of Laodicea boasted: “I am rich and have acquired riches and do not need anything at all.” But in the eyes of Jehovah and Jesus, they were “miserable and pitiful and poor and blind and naked.” Jesus counseled them, not because they were wealthy, but because their love of riches was damaging their relationship with Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rev. 3:14-17</a>) If we detect that a desire to pursue riches is growing in our heart, we must act quickly to correct our thinking. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Tim. 6:7, 8</a>) If we do not, our heart will be divided and Jehovah will not accept our worship. He “requires exclusive devotion.”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Deut. 4:24</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>27 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:24)</strong></a> “No one can slave for two masters; for either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will stick to the one and despise the other. You cannot slave for God and for Riches.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 3:14-17)</strong></a> “To the angel of the congregation in La·o·di·ceʹa write: These are the things that the Amen says, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation by God: <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>‘I know your deeds, that you are neither cold nor hot. I wish you were cold or else hot. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>So because you are lukewarm and neither hot nor cold, I am going to vomit you out of my mouth. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Because you say, “I am rich and have acquired riches and do not need anything at all,” but you do not know that you are miserable and pitiful and poor and blind and naked,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 6:7, 8)</strong></a> For we have brought nothing into the world, and neither can we carry anything out. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>So, having food* and clothing,* we will be content with these things.</p><p></p><p>Or “sustenance.”</p><p>Or “shelter.” Lit., “covering.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Deut. 4:24)</strong></a> For Jehovah your God is a consuming fire, a God who requires exclusive devotion.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
