<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, December 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Thursday, December 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>You certainly will not die.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 3:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">God did not intend for humans to die. But in order to live forever, Adam and Eve had to obey Jehovah, who gave them a simple command: “As for the tree of the knowledge of good and bad, you must not eat from it, for in the day you eat from it you will certainly die.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 2:16, 17</a>) Then Satan came on the scene. Speaking through a serpent, he said the words of today’s text to Eve. Sadly, she believed the lie and ate the fruit. Later, her husband too ate the fruit. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 3:6</a>) In this way, sin and death entered the human family. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rom. 5:12</a>) Adam and Eve died, just as God had said they would. But Satan did not stop lying about death. At some point in time, he began to introduce other lies. One of those lies is the teaching that the physical body dies but that some part of the person lives on, perhaps in the spirit realm. Variations of that lie have deceived countless humans right down to our day.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Tim. 4:1</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>14-15 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:4)</strong></a> At this the serpent said to the woman: “You certainly will not die.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 2:16, 17)</strong></a> Jehovah God also gave this command to the man: “From every tree of the garden you may eat to satisfaction. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>But as for the tree of the knowledge of good and bad, you must not eat from it, for in the day you eat from it you will certainly die.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:6)</strong></a> Consequently, the woman saw that the tree was good for food and that it was something desirable to the eyes, yes, the tree was pleasing to look at. So she began taking of its fruit and eating it. Afterward, she also gave some to her husband when he was with her, and he began eating it.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 5:12)</strong></a> That is why, just as through one man sin entered into the world and death through sin, and so death spread to all men because they had all sinned—.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 4:1)</strong></a> However, the inspired word* clearly says that in later times some will fall away from the faith, paying attention to misleading inspired statements* and teachings of demons,</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the spirit.”</p><p>Lit., “misleading spirits.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
