<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, December 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Saturday, December 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class="themeScrp"><em>In this way you will fulfill the law of the Christ.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gal. 6:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">In what ways did Jesus teach? First, he taught people by what he said. His words had power because they conveyed the truth about God, taught the real meaning of life, and pointed to God’s Kingdom as the remedy for all human suffering. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 24:19</a>) Jesus also taught by example. By how he lived, he showed his followers how they should live. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 13:15</a>) When did Jesus teach? He taught during his ministry on earth. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 4:23</a>) He also taught his followers shortly after he was resurrected. For example, he appeared to a group of disciples​—perhaps numbering over 500—​and gave them the command to “make disciples.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 28:19, 20;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 1 Cor. 15:6</a>) As head of the congregation, Jesus continued to instruct his disciples after he returned to heaven. For instance, about 96 C.E., Christ directed the apostle John to give encouragement and counsel to anointed Christians.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Col. 1:18;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> Rev. 1:1</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>3 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:2)</strong></a> Go on carrying the burdens of one another, and in this way you will fulfill the law of the Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 24:19)</strong></a> He asked them: “What things?” They said to him: “The things concerning Jesus the Naz·a·reneʹ, who proved to be a prophet powerful in deed and word before God and all the people;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 13:15)</strong></a> For I set the pattern for you, that just as I did to you, you should also do.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 4:23)</strong></a> Then he went throughout the whole of Galʹi·lee, teaching in their synagogues and preaching the good news of the Kingdom and curing every sort of disease and every sort of infirmity among the people.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19, 20)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit, <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you. And look! I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:6)</strong></a> After that he appeared to more than 500 brothers at one time, most of whom are still with us, though some have fallen asleep in death.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Col. 1:18)</strong></a> and he is the head of the body, the congregation. He is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, so that he might become the one who is first in all things;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Rev. 1:1)</strong></a> A revelation* by Jesus Christ, which God gave him, to show his slaves the things that must shortly take place. And he sent his angel and presented it in signs through him to his slave John,</p><p></p><p>Or “A disclosure; An uncovering.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
