<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, December 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Wednesday, December 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class="themeScrp"><em>The trustworthy person keeps a confidence.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 11:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">Elders in particular must apply this Bible principle. An elder realizes that he must not reveal the “confidential talk” of those in the congregation. If he did, he would lose their trust and ruin his reputation. Those who are appointed to a position of trust in the congregation cannot be “double-tongued,” or deceitful. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Tim. 3:8</a>; ftn.) That is, they cannot be devious or inclined to gossip. If an elder loves his wife, he will not burden her with information that she does not need to know. A wife can help her husband maintain a good reputation by not pressuring him to talk about matters that should be kept confidential. When a wife applies this advice, she not only supports her husband but also shows honor to those who have confided in him. And most important, she makes Jehovah happy because she is contributing to the peace and unity of the congregation.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 14:19</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.03 </em>22 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 11:13)</strong></a> A slanderer goes about revealing confidential talk, But the trustworthy person* keeps a confidence.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the one faithful in spirit.”</p><p>Lit., “covers over a matter.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 3:8)</strong></a> Ministerial servants should likewise be serious, not double-tongued,* not indulging in a lot of wine, not greedy of dishonest gain,</p><p></p><p>Or “not deceitful in speech.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 14:19)</strong></a> So, then, let us pursue the things making for peace and the things that build one another up.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
