<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, December 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Wednesday, December 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="themeScrp"><em>Pay constant attention to yourself and to your teaching.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Tim. 4:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">Dedication is a vow that Jehovah expects you to keep. So stay close to your congregation. Your brothers and sisters in the congregation are your spiritual family. By regularly attending the meetings, you will strengthen your bond with them. Read God’s Word and meditate on it every day. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 1:1, 2</a>) Take some time to think deeply about what you have read. Then the words will reach your heart. “Pray continually.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 26:41</a>) Your sincere prayers will draw you closer to Jehovah. “Keep on . . . seeking first the Kingdom.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 6:33</a>) You can do that by making the preaching work a priority in your life. By sharing regularly in the ministry, you will keep your faith strong. Any hardships you may face in this old world are “momentary and light.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Cor. 4:17</a>) In contrast, your dedication and baptism will open the way to a more satisfying life now and “the real life” to come. Is it worth the expense? Absolutely!​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">1 Tim. 6:19</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.03 </em>13 ¶19-21</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 4:16)</strong></a> Pay constant attention to yourself and to your teaching. Persevere in these things, for by doing this you will save both yourself and those who listen to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 1:1, 2)</strong></a> Happy is the man who does not walk according to the advice of the wicked And does not stand on the path of sinners And does not sit in the seat of scoffers.  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>But his delight is in the law of Jehovah, And he reads His law in an undertone* day and night.</p><p></p><p>Or “he meditates on His law.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:41)</strong></a> Keep on the watch and pray continually, so that you may not enter into temptation. The spirit, of course, is eager,* but the flesh is weak.”</p><p></p><p>Or “willing.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:33)</strong></a> “Keep on, then, seeking first the Kingdom and his righteousness, and all these other things will be added to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 4:17)</strong></a> For though the tribulation is momentary and light, it works out for us a glory that is of more and more surpassing greatness* and is everlasting;</p><p></p><p>Lit., “weight.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 6:19)</strong></a> safely treasuring up for themselves a fine foundation for the future, so that they may get a firm hold on the real life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
