<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, December 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Saturday, December 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="themeScrp"><em>Children are an inheritance from Jehovah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 127:3</a></em><em>, ftn.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">Jehovah created the first couple with the desire to have children. But who should decide if and when a married couple will have children? In some cultures, newly married couples are expected to start having children as soon as possible. They may even feel pressure from their family and others to follow that custom. Jethro, a brother in Asia, says, “In the congregation, some who have children pressure the childless couples to start a family.” Jeffrey, another brother in Asia, observes, “Some tell childless couples that they will have no one to take care of them when they grow old.” However, each couple should decide for themselves whether to have children. That is for them to decide; it is their responsibility. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gal. 6:5</a>, ftn.) Understandably, friends and family want a newly married couple to be happy. But all need to remember that the decision whether to have children or not belongs to the couple.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Thess. 4:11</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>22 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 127:3)</strong></a> Look! Sons* are an inheritance from Jehovah; The fruit of the womb is a reward.</p><p></p><p>Or “Children.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:5)</strong></a> For each one will carry his own load.*</p><p></p><p>Or “load of responsibility.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 4:11)</strong></a> Make it your aim to live quietly and to mind your own business and to work with your hands, just as we instructed you,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
