<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, December 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71">Friday, December 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class="themeScrp"><em>We were working night and day so as not to impose an expensive burden on any one of you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Thess. 3:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">While in Corinth, the apostle Paul stayed with Aquila and Priscilla and “worked with them, for they were tentmakers by trade.” That Paul worked “night and day” did not mean that he worked nonstop. He took breaks from tentmaking, such as on the Sabbath. That day provided him with opportunities to witness to Jews, who also were not working on the Sabbath. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 13:14-16,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 42-44;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 16:13;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 18:1-4</a>) Paul had to do secular work; still, he made sure to share regularly “in the holy work of the good news of God.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Rom. 15:16;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 2 Cor. 11:23</a>) He urged others to do likewise. Consequently, Aquila and Priscilla were his “fellow workers in Christ Jesus.” (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Rom. 12:11;</a><span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9"> 16:3</a>) Paul urged the Corinthians to have “plenty to do in the work of the Lord.” (<span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10">1 Cor. 15:58;</a><span id="citationsource11"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation11"> 2 Cor. 9:8</a>) Jehovah even inspired the apostle Paul to write: “If anyone does not want to work, neither let him eat.”​—<span id="citationsource12"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation12">2 Thess. 3:10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>5 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Thess. 3:8)</strong></a> nor did we eat anyone’s food free.* On the contrary, by labor and toil we were working night and day so as not to impose an expensive burden on any one of you.</p><p></p><p>Or “without paying.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 13:14-16)</strong></a> However, they went on from Perga and came to Antioch in Pi·sidʹi·a. And going into the synagogue on the Sabbath day, they took a seat. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>After the public reading of the Law and the Prophets, the presiding officers of the synagogue sent word to them, saying: “Men, brothers, if you have any word of encouragement for the people, tell it.” <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>So Paul stood up, and motioning with his hand, he said: “Men, Israelites and you others who fear God, listen.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 13:42-44)</strong></a> Now when they were going out, the people pleaded with them to speak about these matters on the following Sabbath. <strong><sup>43 </sup></strong>So after the synagogue assembly was dismissed, many of the Jews and the proselytes who worshipped God followed Paul and Barʹna·bas, who, as they spoke to them, urged them to remain in the undeserved kindness of God. <strong><sup>44 </sup></strong>The next Sabbath nearly all the city gathered together to hear the word of Jehovah.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 16:13)</strong></a> On the Sabbath day we went outside the gate beside a river, where we thought there was a place of prayer, and we sat down and began speaking to the women who had assembled.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 18:1-4)</strong></a> After this he departed from Athens and came to Corinth. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>And he found a Jew named Aqʹui·la, a native of Ponʹtus who had recently come from Italy with Pris·cilʹla his wife, because Claudius had ordered all the Jews to leave Rome. So he went to them, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>and because he had the same trade, he stayed at their home and worked with them, for they were tentmakers by trade. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>He would give a talk in the synagogue every sabbath and would persuade Jews and Greeks.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rom. 15:16)</strong></a> for me to be a public servant of Christ Jesus to the nations. I am engaging in the holy work of the good news of God, so that these nations might be an acceptable offering, sanctified with holy spirit.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 11:23)</strong></a> Are they ministers of Christ? I reply like a madman, I am more outstandingly one: I have done more work, been imprisoned more often, suffered countless beatings, and experienced many near-deaths.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:11)</strong></a> Be industrious, not lazy.* Be aglow with the spirit. Slave for Jehovah.</p><p></p><p>Or “Do not loiter at your business.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Rom. 16:3)</strong></a> Give my greetings to Prisʹca and Aqʹui·la, my fellow workers in Christ Jesus,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:58)</strong></a> Therefore, my beloved brothers, be steadfast, immovable, always having plenty to do in the work of the Lord, knowing that your labor is not in vain* in connection with the Lord.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “empty.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation11"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource11">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 9:8)</strong></a> Moreover, God is able to cause all his undeserved kindness to abound toward you so that you are always completely self-sufficient in everything, as well as having plenty for every good work.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation12"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource12">^ <strong>(2 Thess. 3:10)</strong></a> In fact, when we were with you, we used to give you this order: “If anyone does not want to work, neither let him eat.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
