<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, December 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><strong>December</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Wednesday, December 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp"><em>There is . . . a time to be silent.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eccl. 3:1,</a></em><span id="citationsource2"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2"> 7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">If we fail to control our speech, it can cause a lot of damage. For example, if you meet someone who lives in a land where our work is banned, are you tempted to ask him to give details about how our work is carried out in that country? No doubt your motives are good. We love our brothers and are interested in what is happening to them. We also want to be specific when praying for them. However, this is a time when we should hold back from speaking. If we put pressure on someone who has confidential information, we show a lack of love​—both to that person and to the brothers and sisters who are relying on him to keep quiet about their activity. Certainly, none of us would want to add to the difficulties of our brothers and sisters who live in countries where our work is under ban. Similarly, no brother or sister serving in such a land would want to reveal details about how Witnesses living there conduct their ministry or Christian activities. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.03 </em>21 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eccl. 3:1)</strong></a> There is an appointed time for everything, A time for every activity under the heavens:</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eccl. 3:7)</strong></a> A time to rip apart and a time to sew together; A time to be silent and a time to speak;</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
