<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, February 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Saturday, February 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>All of you have unity of mind, fellow feeling, brotherly affection, tender compassion, and humility.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 3:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">Jehovah loves us deeply. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 3:16</a>) We want to imitate our loving Father. So we try to show “fellow feeling, brotherly affection, [and] tender compassion” to all but especially to those who are “related to us in the faith.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gal. 6:10</a>) When members of our spiritual family face stressful challenges, we want to help them. How can we console someone whose marriage mate has died? An important first step is to speak to him or her, even though you may feel awkward or unsure of what to say. Paula, whose husband died suddenly, says: “I understand that death makes people uncomfortable. They worry that what they say might come out wrong. But worse than hearing something awkward is hearing nothing at all.” A grieving person probably does not expect us to say something profound. Paula says: “I appreciated it when friends would simply say, ‘I’m sorry for your loss.’” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>20 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation2"> 23 ¶14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:8)</strong></a> Finally, all of you have unity of mind,* fellow feeling, brotherly affection, tender compassion, and humility.</p><p></p><p>Or “think in agreement.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 3:16)</strong></a> “For God loved the world so much that he gave his only-begotten Son, so that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:10)</strong></a> So, then, as long as we have the opportunity,* let us work what is good toward all, but especially toward those related to us in the faith.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “appointed time.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
