<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, February 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8">Wednesday, February 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class="themeScrp"><em>On the testimony of two or three witnesses every matter may be established.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 18:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">Before the elders take judicial action, why are at least two witnesses required? This requirement is part of the Bible’s high standard of justice. When there is no confession of wrongdoing, two witnesses are required to establish the accusation and authorize the elders to take judicial action. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Deut. 19:15;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 1 Tim. 5:19</a>) If the individual denies the accusation, the elders consider the testimony of witnesses. If at least two people​—the one making the accusation and someone else—​can confirm the charge, a judicial committee is formed. The absence of a second witness does not mean that the one making the accusation is untruthful. Even if a charge of wrongdoing cannot be established by two witnesses, the elders recognize that a serious sin may have been committed. The elders provide ongoing support to any individuals who may have been hurt and remain alert to protect the congregation from potential danger.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 20:28</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>11 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 18:16)</strong></a> But if he does not listen, take along with you one or two more, so that on the testimony* of two or three witnesses every matter* may be established.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “mouth.”</p><p>Or “everything said.”</p><p>Lit., “might stand.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Deut. 19:15)</strong></a> “No single witness may convict* another for any error or any sin that he may commit. On the testimony* of two witnesses or on the testimony of three witnesses the matter should be established.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “rise up against.”</p><p>Lit., “mouth.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 5:19)</strong></a> Do not accept an accusation against an older man* except on the evidence of two or three witnesses.</p><p></p><p>Or “an elder.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 20:28)</strong></a> Pay attention to yourselves and to all the flock, among which the holy spirit has appointed you overseers, to shepherd the congregation of God, which he purchased with the blood of his own Son.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
