<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, February 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Wednesday, February 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="themeScrp"><em>Become imitators of God, as beloved children, and go on walking in love.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 5:1, 2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">Jehovah proved his love for us by giving his Son as a ransom in our behalf. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 3:16</a>) How can we imitate Jehovah’s love? We view each of our brothers and sisters as valuable and precious, and we gladly welcome back “a lost sheep” who returns to Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 119:176;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Luke 15:7,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 10</a>) We prove that we love our brothers and sisters by giving of ourselves, such as by helping them in times of need. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">1 John 3:17</a>) Jesus commanded his followers to show self-sacrificing love. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">John 13:34, 35</a>) Jesus’ commandment is new because it calls for a kind of love that was not required under the Law that God gave Israel: Love fellow believers as Jesus loved you. That requires a self-sacrificing love. We are to love our brothers and sisters even more than we love ourselves. We must love them to the point of being willing to give up our life for them, as Jesus did for us. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>4 ¶11-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:1, 2)</strong></a> Therefore, become imitators of God, as beloved children, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>and go on walking in love, just as the Christ also loved us* and gave himself for us* as an offering and a sacrifice, a sweet fragrance to God.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “you.”</p><p>Or possibly, “you.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 3:16)</strong></a> “For God loved the world so much that he gave his only-begotten Son, so that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:176)</strong></a> I have strayed like a lost sheep. Search for your servant, For I have not forgotten your commandments.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 15:7)</strong></a> I tell you that in the same way, there will be more joy in heaven over one sinner who repents than over 99 righteous ones who have no need of repentance.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Luke 15:10)</strong></a> In the same way, I tell you, joy arises among the angels of God over one sinner who repents.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 John 3:17)</strong></a> But whoever has the material possessions of this world and sees his brother in need and yet refuses to show him compassion, in what way does the love of God remain in him?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(John 13:34, 35)</strong></a> I am giving you a new commandment, that you love one another; just as I have loved you, you also love one another. <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>By this all will know that you are my disciples—if you have love among yourselves.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
