<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, February 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Friday, February 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class="themeScrp"><em>We are overturning reasonings and every lofty thing raised up against the knowledge of God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Cor. 10:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">Satan is determined to change our thinking. He uses every type of reasoning to counteract the influence of the truth of God’s Word. Satan continues to ask the same question he asked Eve in the garden of Eden: “Did God really say that . . . ?” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 3:1</a>) In the world under Satan’s control, we often hear challenging questions, such as these: ‘Does God really not approve of same-sex marriage? Does God really not want you to celebrate Christmas and birthdays? Does your God really expect you to refuse a blood transfusion? Does a loving God really expect you to avoid association with disfellowshipped loved ones?’ We need to be convinced of our beliefs. If we leave challenging questions unanswered in our minds, they can become serious doubts. Those doubts could eventually distort our thinking and destroy our faith. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>12-13 ¶15-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 10:5)</strong></a> For we are overturning reasonings and every lofty thing raised up against the knowledge of God, and we are bringing every thought into captivity to make it obedient to the Christ;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:1)</strong></a> Now the serpent was the most cautious* of all the wild animals of the field that Jehovah God had made. So it said to the woman: “Did God really say that you must not eat from every tree of the garden?”</p><p></p><p>Or “shrewdest; craftiest.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
