<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, February 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Sunday, February 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>The plans of the diligent surely lead to success.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 21:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">Jesus likened our time to “the days of Noah,” and there is no doubt that we are living in “critical times hard to deal with.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 24:37;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 2 Tim. 3:1</a>) With that reality in mind, some couples have concluded that they would like to postpone having children so that they can devote more time to sharing in the Christian ministry. When deciding whether to have children and how many children to have, wise couples “calculate the expense.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Luke 14:28, 29</a>) Experienced parents confirm that raising children not only costs money but also costs time and energy. Thus, it is important for a couple to consider such questions as: ‘Would both of us have to work to supply the family’s basic needs? Do we agree on what our “basic needs” are? If we both would have to work, who would look after our children? Who would influence their thinking and actions?’ Couples who calmly discuss those questions take to heart the words of today’s text. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>23-24 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 21:5)</strong></a> The plans of the diligent surely lead to success,* But all who are hasty surely head for poverty.</p><p></p><p>Or “advantage.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:37)</strong></a> For just as the days of Noah were, so the presence of the Son of man will be.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:1)</strong></a> But know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 14:28, 29)</strong></a> For example, who of you wanting to build a tower does not first sit down and calculate the expense to see if he has enough to complete it? <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>Otherwise, he might lay its foundation but not be able to finish it, and all the onlookers would start to ridicule him,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
