<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, February 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Tuesday, February 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="themeScrp"><em>We do not give up.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Cor. 4:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">Whether our hope is everlasting life in heaven or on a paradise earth, we must keep pressing on toward that goal. No matter what our circumstances, we must not look at the things behind; nor should we let anything hinder our progress. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Phil. 3:16</a>) The fulfillment of our expectations may seem to be delayed, or our physical strength may be declining. We may have endured hardship and persecution for many years. Whatever the case, “do not be anxious over anything.” Rather, let your petitions and supplications be made known to God, and he will give you a peace that is beyond your imagination. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Phil. 4:6, 7</a>) Like a runner who exerts himself as he races down the homestretch, may we stay fully focused on the goal of finishing the race for life. To the extent that our strength and circumstances allow, may we exert ourselves and progress eagerly toward the wonderful things ahead. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>7 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 4:16)</strong></a> Therefore, we do not give up, but even if the man we are outside is wasting away, certainly the man we are inside is being renewed from day to day.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Phil. 3:16)</strong></a> At any rate, to the extent we have made progress, let us go on walking orderly in this same course.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:6, 7)</strong></a> Do not be anxious over anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication along with thanksgiving, let your petitions be made known to God; <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>and the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and your mental powers* by means of Christ Jesus.</p><p></p><p>Or “your minds; your thoughts.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
