<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, February 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Friday, February 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class="themeScrp"><em>Come . . . into an isolated place and rest up a little.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Mark 6:31</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Jesus knew that at times he and the apostles needed some rest. However, many people back then and many today can be likened to the rich man in Jesus’ illustration. That man convinced himself: “Take it easy, eat, drink, enjoy yourself.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 12:19;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 2 Tim. 3:4</a>) He set his heart on rest and pleasures. In contrast, Jesus and the apostles did not center their lives on pleasing themselves. Today, we try to imitate Jesus by using the time we have off from work not only to rest but also to do good by witnessing to others and attending Christian meetings. In fact, to us, disciple-making and meeting attendance are so important that we make every effort to engage regularly in those sacred activities. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Heb. 10:24, 25</a>) Even when we are on vacation, we keep to our regular spiritual routine of attending meetings wherever we are, and we look for opportunities to have conversations with those whom we meet.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Tim. 4:2</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>7 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Mark 6:31)</strong></a> And he said to them: “Come, you yourselves, privately into an isolated place and rest up a little.” For there were many coming and going, and they had no leisure time even to eat a meal.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 12:19)</strong></a> and I will say to myself: “You have many good things stored up for many years; take it easy, eat, drink, enjoy yourself.”’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:4)</strong></a> betrayers, headstrong, puffed up with pride, lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:24, 25)</strong></a> And let us consider* one another so as to incite* to love and fine works, <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>not forsaking our meeting together, as some have the custom, but encouraging one another, and all the more so as you see the day drawing near.</p><p></p><p>Or “be concerned about; pay attention to.”</p><p>Or “motivate; stir up.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 4:2)</strong></a> Preach the word; be at it urgently in favorable times and difficult times; reprove, reprimand, exhort, with all patience and art of teaching.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
