<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, February 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Saturday, February 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>His invisible qualities are clearly seen from the world’s creation onward, because they are perceived by the things made.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 1:20</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">You can learn about Jehovah through his creation. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rev. 4:11</a>) Meditate on the wisdom evident in the designs of plants and animals. Learn a little about the wonderful way your body is made. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 139:14</a>) And think about the power that Jehovah packed into our sun, realizing that it is just one of billions of stars. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Isa. 40:26</a>) As you do, your respect for Jehovah will deepen. However, knowing that Jehovah is wise and powerful is only part of the foundation of your relationship with him. To build a strong love for Jehovah, you need to know more about him. You need to be convinced that Jehovah cares for you personally. Remember that “if you search for him, he will let himself be found by you.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Chron. 28:9</a>) Jehovah says, “I have drawn you to me.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Jer. 31:3</a>) The more you appreciate all that Jehovah has done for you, the deeper your love for him will be. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.03 </em>4 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:20)</strong></a> For his invisible qualities are clearly seen from the world’s creation onward, because they are perceived by the things made, even his eternal power and Godship, so that they are inexcusable.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 4:11)</strong></a> “You are worthy, Jehovah* our God, to receive the glory and the honor and the power, because you created all things, and because of your will they came into existence and were created.”</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 139:14)</strong></a> I praise you because in an awe-inspiring way I am wonderfully made. Your works are wonderful, I know* this very well.</p><p></p><p>Or “My soul knows.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 40:26)</strong></a> “Lift up your eyes to heaven and see. Who has created these things? It is the One who brings out their army by number; He calls them all by name. Because of his vast dynamic energy and his awe-inspiring power, Not one of them is missing.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Chron. 28:9)</strong></a> “And you, Solʹo·mon my son, know the God of your father and serve him with a complete* heart and with a delightful* soul,* for Jehovah searches through all hearts, and he discerns every inclination of the thoughts. If you search for him, he will let himself be found by you, but if you leave him, he will reject you forever.</p><p></p><p>Or “completely devoted.”</p><p>Or “willing.”</p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Jer. 31:3)</strong></a> From far away Jehovah appeared to me and said: “I have loved you with an everlasting love. That is why I have drawn you to me with loyal love.*</p><p></p><p>Or “have continued to show loyal love to you.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
