<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, March 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47">Tuesday, March 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class="themeScrp"><em>In the last days ridiculers will come with their ridicule.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Pet. 3:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">As Satan’s system nears its end, we can expect to face ever more difficult tests of loyalty to God and his Kingdom. We will likely continue to be the target of ridicule. This may especially happen as our neutrality is tested more and more. We must strengthen our loyalty now so that we will remain loyal during the great tribulation. During the great tribulation, a change will take place regarding the brothers who take the lead on earth. At some point, all anointed ones who are still on earth will be gathered to heaven to share in the war of Armageddon. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 24:31;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Rev. 2:26, 27</a>) This means that the Governing Body will no longer be with us on earth. However, the great crowd will remain organized. Capable brothers from among the other sheep will take the lead. We will need to show our loyalty by supporting these brothers and by following their God-given direction. Our survival will depend on it! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>17 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 3:3)</strong></a> First of all know this, that in the last days ridiculers will come with their ridicule, proceeding according to their own desires</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:31)</strong></a> And he will send out his angels with a great trumpet sound, and they will gather his chosen ones together from the four winds, from one extremity of the heavens to their other extremity.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 2:26, 27)</strong></a> And to the one who conquers and observes my deeds down to the end, I will give authority over the nations, <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>and he will shepherd the people with an iron rod so that they will be broken to pieces like clay vessels, just as I have received from my Father.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
