<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, March 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Wednesday, March 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="themeScrp"><em>Where you go I will go . . . Where you die I will die.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ruth 1:16, 17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">Naomi was a loyal woman who loved Jehovah. But after the death of her husband and two sons, she wanted to change her name from Naomi to “Mara,” meaning “Bitter.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ruth 1:3,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 5,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 20</a>, ftn., <span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">21</a>) Naomi’s daughter-in-law Ruth stuck with her through her trials. Ruth not only provided practical help but also spoke consolingly to Naomi. Ruth expressed her love and support for Naomi in simple, sincere words. When a member of our spiritual family loses a marriage mate in death, he or she needs our support. A married couple can be likened to two trees that have grown up next to each other. Over the years, the roots of the trees intertwine. When one tree is uprooted and dies, the other tree can seriously be affected. Similarly, when someone loses a spouse to the enemy death, he or she may feel strong emotions for a long time. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>23 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ruth 1:16, 17)</strong></a> But Ruth said: “Do not plead with me to abandon you, to turn back from accompanying you; for where you go I will go, and where you spend the night, I will spend the night. Your people will be my people, and your God my God. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Where you die I will die, and there I will be buried. May Jehovah do so to me and add to it if anything but death should separate me from you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ruth 1:3)</strong></a> After some time E·limʹe·lech, Na·oʹmi’s husband, died, and she was left with her two sons.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ruth 1:5)</strong></a> Then the two sons, Mahʹlon and Chilʹi·on, also died, and the woman was left without her two children and her husband.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ruth 1:20)</strong></a> She would say to the women: “Do not call me Na·oʹmi.* Call me Maʹra,* for the Almighty has made life very bitter for me.</p><p></p><p>Meaning “My Pleasantness.”</p><p>Meaning “Bitter.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ruth 1:21)</strong></a> I was full when I went, but Jehovah made me return empty-handed. Why should you call me Na·oʹmi, when it is Jehovah who opposed me and the Almighty who caused me calamity?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
