<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, March 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Sunday, March 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>Children are an inheritance from Jehovah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 127:3</a></em><em>, ftn.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">A child requires and deserves considerable time and energy from each parent. So if a couple have a number of children who are close in age, the parents may find it challenging to give each child the needed attention. Some couples who had a number of young children confessed that they felt overwhelmed. A mother may struggle with feeling drained physically and emotionally. Could that have an impact on her being able to study, pray, and share in the ministry regularly? A related challenge is being able to pay attention during Christian meetings and to benefit from them. Of course, a loving husband will do what he can to support his wife when their children need attention, both at meetings and at home. For example, he could help his wife with household chores. He will work hard to ensure that all benefit from a regular Family Worship program. And Christian fathers will regularly accompany the family in field service. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>24 ¶8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 127:3)</strong></a> Look! Sons* are an inheritance from Jehovah; The fruit of the womb is a reward.</p><p></p><p>Or “Children.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
