<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, March 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Friday, March 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class="themeScrp"><em>The land will wail, . . . the family of Nathan’s house by itself.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Zech. 12:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">Suppose that you are reading <span id="citationsource2"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted5.xhtml#citation2">the 12th chapter of Zechariah</a>’s prophecy, which foretells the death of the Messiah. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Zech. 12:10</a>) When you come to <span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">verse 12</a>, you read that “the family of Nathan’s house” would grieve bitterly at the Messiah’s death. Instead of quickly passing over that detail, you pause and ask yourself: ‘What is the connection between the house of Nathan and the Messiah?’ You do a little “detective” work. A marginal reference leads you to <span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Samuel 5:13, 14</a>, where you learn that Nathan was one of King David’s sons. A second marginal reference, <span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Luke 3:23,</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 31</a>, reveals that Jesus was a direct descendant of Nathan through Mary. Suddenly, you are intrigued! You knew that Jesus was foretold to be a descendant of David. (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Matt. 22:42</a>) But David had more than 20 sons. Is it not amazing that Zechariah pinpoints the household of Nathan in particular as having a reason to mourn the death of Jesus? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>30 ¶17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Zech. 12:12)</strong></a> And the land will wail, each family by itself; the family of David’s house by itself, and their women by themselves; the family of Nathan’s house by itself, and their women by themselves;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Zech. 12:10)</strong></a> “I will pour out on the house of David and on the inhabitants of Jerusalem the spirit of favor and supplication, and they will look to the one whom they pierced, and they will wail over him as they would wail over an only son; and they will grieve bitterly over him as they would grieve over a firstborn son.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Zech. 12:12)</strong></a> And the land will wail, each family by itself; the family of David’s house by itself, and their women by themselves; the family of Nathan’s house by itself, and their women by themselves;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 5:13, 14)</strong></a> David took more concubines and wives in Jerusalem after he came from Hebʹron, and more sons and daughters were born to David. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>These are the names of those born to him in Jerusalem: Sham·muʹa, Shoʹbab, Nathan, Solʹo·mon,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Luke 3:23)</strong></a> When Jesus began his work, he was about 30 years old, being the son, as the opinion was, of Joseph, son of Heʹli,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Luke 3:31)</strong></a> son of Meʹle·a, son of Menʹna, son of Matʹta·tha, son of Nathan, son of David,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Matt. 22:42)</strong></a> “What do you think about the Christ? Whose son is he?” They said to him: “David’s.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
