<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, March 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p96" data-pid="96">Tuesday, March 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p97" data-pid="97" class="themeScrp"><em>You were sealed by means of him with the promised holy spirit, which is a token in advance of our inheritance.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 1:13, 14</a></em><em>; ftn.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p98" data-pid="98" class="p98">Jehovah uses his holy spirit to make it absolutely clear to all who are anointed Christians that he has chosen them. In this way, the holy spirit is “a token [a pledge or promise]” given to assure them that in the future they will live forever in heaven and not on earth. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 1:21, 22</a>) If a Christian is anointed, will he automatically receive his heavenly reward? No. He is sure that he has been chosen to go to heaven. However, he must remember this admonition: “Brothers, be all the more diligent to make your calling and choosing sure for yourselves, for if you keep on doing these things, you will by no means ever fail.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Pet. 1:10</a>) So even though an anointed Christian has been called to go to heaven, he will get his reward only if he remains faithful.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Phil. 3:12-14;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Heb. 3:1;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Rev. 2:10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>21-22 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p99" data-pid="99" class="p99"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 16) </strong><span id="citationsource7"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted30.xhtml#citation7"><strong>Luke 24:1-12</strong></a></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 1:13, 14)</strong></a> But you also hoped in him after you heard the word of truth, the good news about your salvation. After you believed, you were sealed by means of him with the promised holy spirit, <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>which is a token in advance* of our inheritance, for the purpose of releasing God’s own possession by a ransom, to his glorious praise.</p><p></p><p>Or “a down payment (earnest money); a guarantee (pledge) of what is to come.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 1:21, 22)</strong></a> But the one who guarantees that you and we belong to Christ and the one who anointed us is God. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>He has also put his seal on us and has given us the token of what is to come, that is, the spirit, in our hearts.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 1:10)</strong></a> Therefore, brothers, be all the more diligent to make your calling and choosing sure for yourselves, for if you keep on doing these things, you will by no means ever fail.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Phil. 3:12-14)</strong></a> Not that I have already received it or am already made perfect, but I am pressing on to see if I may also lay hold on that for which Christ Jesus selected me.* <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Brothers, I do not yet consider myself as having taken hold of it; but one thing is certain: Forgetting the things behind and stretching forward to the things ahead, <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>I am pressing on toward the goal for the prize of the upward call of God by means of Christ Jesus.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “laid hold on me.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Heb. 3:1)</strong></a> Consequently, holy brothers, partakers of the heavenly calling,* consider the apostle and high priest whom we acknowledge*—Jesus.</p><p></p><p>Or “invitation.”</p><p>Or “confess.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rev. 2:10)</strong></a> Do not be afraid of the things you are about to suffer. Look! The Devil will keep on throwing some of you into prison so that you may be fully put to the test, and you will have tribulation for ten days. Prove yourself faithful even to death, and I will give you the crown of life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
