<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, March 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p72" data-pid="72">Wednesday, March 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="themeScrp"><em>Who really is the faithful and discreet slave?​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 24:45</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p74" data-pid="74" class="p74">In 1919, Jesus appointed a small group of anointed brothers as “the faithful and discreet slave.” That slave takes the lead in the preaching work and gives Christ’s followers “food at the proper time.” Satan and his world have done much to make the work of that faithful slave challenging, even impossible, to carry out from a human standpoint. Despite two world wars, relentless persecution, global economic crises, and unjust treatment, the faithful and discreet slave has continued to provide spiritual food for Christ’s followers on earth. Think of the abundance of spiritual food available today, free of charge, in more than 900 languages! It is undeniable evidence of divine backing. Consider further proof of Jehovah’s blessing: the preaching work. The good news truly is being preached “in all the inhabited earth.”​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 24:14</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>24 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="p75"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 10) </strong><span id="citationsource3"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 19:45-48;</a></strong><span id="citationsource4"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Matthew 21:18, 19;</a></strong><span id="citationsource5"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 21:12, 13</a></strong></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:45)</strong></a> “Who really is the faithful and discreet slave whom his master appointed over his domestics, to give them their food at the proper time?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:14)</strong></a> And this good news of the Kingdom will be preached in all the inhabited earth for a witness to all the nations, and then the end will come.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 19:45-48)</strong></a> Then he entered the temple and started to throw out those who were selling, <strong><sup>46 </sup></strong>saying to them: “It is written, ‘My house will be a house of prayer,’ but you have made it a cave of robbers.” <strong><sup>47 </sup></strong>He continued teaching daily in the temple. But the chief priests and the scribes and the principal ones of the people were seeking to kill him; <strong><sup>48 </sup></strong>but they did not find any way to do this, for the people one and all kept hanging on to him to hear him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 21:18, 19)</strong></a> While returning to the city early in the morning, he felt hungry. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>He caught sight of a fig tree by the road and went to it, but he found nothing on it except leaves, and he said to it: “Let no fruit come from you ever again.” And the fig tree withered instantly.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 21:12, 13)</strong></a> Jesus entered the temple and threw out all those selling and buying in the temple, and he overturned the tables of the money changers and the benches of those selling doves. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>And he said to them: “It is written, ‘My house will be called a house of prayer,’ but you are making it a cave of robbers.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
