<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, March 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23">Monday, March 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class="themeScrp"><em>I will guard my mouth with a muzzle as long as anyone wicked is in my presence.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 39:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">During a ban, we must recognize when it is “time to be silent.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eccl. 3:7</a>) We must safeguard sensitive information, such as the names of our brothers and sisters, the locations where we meet, how we carry out our ministry, and how we receive spiritual food. We would not reveal these facts to the secular authorities; nor would we share them with well-meaning friends or relatives in our country or in other countries. If we did fall into this trap, we would put the safety of our brothers at risk. Do not allow minor issues to divide us. Satan knows that a divided house cannot stand. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Mark 3:24, 25</a>) He will constantly try to cause divisions among us. In that way, he hopes that we will start fighting one another instead of fighting him. Even mature Christians need to be on guard not to fall into this trap. If we work hard to overcome differences with our brothers, we will avoid the trap of disunity.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Col. 3:13, 14</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>11-12 ¶14-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 39:1)</strong></a> I said: “I will guard my step To avoid sinning with my tongue. I will guard my mouth with a muzzle As long as anyone wicked is in my presence.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eccl. 3:7)</strong></a> A time to rip apart and a time to sew together; A time to be silent and a time to speak;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Mark 3:24, 25)</strong></a> If a kingdom becomes divided against itself, that kingdom cannot stand; <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>and if a house becomes divided against itself, that house will not be able to stand.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Col. 3:13, 14)</strong></a> Continue putting up with one another and forgiving one another freely even if anyone has a cause for complaint against another. Just as Jehovah* freely forgave you, you must also do the same. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>But besides all these things, clothe yourselves with love, for it is a perfect bond of union.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
