<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Memorial Date
After Sundown
Saturday, March 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p84" data-pid="84">Memorial Date<br />After Sundown<br />Saturday, March 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="themeScrp"><em>The spirit itself bears witness with our spirit that we are God’s children.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 8:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p86" data-pid="86" class="p86">How does a person know that he or she has the heavenly calling? The answer is clearly seen in the apostle Paul’s words to those in Rome who were “called to be holy ones.” In addition to the words of today’s text, he told them: “You did not receive a spirit of slavery causing fear again, but you received a spirit of adoption as sons, by which spirit we cry out: <em>‘Abba, </em>Father!’” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 1:7;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 8:15</a>) So by means of his holy spirit, God makes it clear to anointed ones that they have this heavenly calling. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Thess. 2:12</a>) Jehovah leaves no doubt whatsoever in the minds and hearts of those who receive his invitation to go to heaven. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 John 2:20,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 27</a>) Anointed Christians do not need anyone to confirm that they are anointed. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>22 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="p87"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 13) </strong><span id="citationsource7"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Luke 22:7-13;</a></strong><span id="citationsource8"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> Mark 14:12-16</a></strong> <strong>(Events after sunset: Nisan 14) </strong><span id="citationsource9"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted27.xhtml#citation9"><strong>Luke 22:14-65</strong></a></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:16)</strong></a> The spirit itself bears witness with our spirit that we are God’s children.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:7)</strong></a> to all those who are in Rome as God’s beloved ones, called to be holy ones: May you have undeserved kindness and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:15)</strong></a> For you did not receive a spirit of slavery causing fear again, but you received a spirit of adoption as sons, by which spirit we cry out: <em>“Abba, </em>Father!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 2:12)</strong></a> so that you would go on walking worthily of God, who is calling you to his Kingdom and glory.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 John 2:20)</strong></a> And you have an anointing from the holy one, and all of you have knowledge.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 John 2:27)</strong></a> And as for you, the anointing that you received from him remains in you, and you do not need anyone to be teaching you; but the anointing from him is teaching you about all things and is true and is no lie. Just as it has taught you, remain in union with him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Luke 22:7-13)</strong></a> The day of the Unleavened Bread now arrived, on which the Passover sacrifice must be offered; <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>so Jesus sent Peter and John, saying: “Go and get the Passover ready for us to eat.” <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>They said to him: “Where do you want us to get it ready?” <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>He said to them: “Look! When you enter into the city, a man carrying an earthenware water jar will meet you. Follow him into the house that he enters. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>And say to the landlord of the house, ‘The Teacher says to you: “Where is the guest room where I may eat the Passover with my disciples?”’ <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>And that man will show you a large, furnished upper room. Get it ready there.” <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>So they left and found it just as he had told them, and they prepared for the Passover.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Mark 14:12-16)</strong></a> Now on the first day of the Unleavened Bread, when they customarily offered up the Passover sacrifice, his disciples said to him: “Where do you want us to go and prepare for you to eat the Passover?” <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>With that he sent two of his disciples and said to them: “Go into the city, and a man carrying an earthenware water jar will meet you. Follow him, <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>and wherever he goes inside, say to the master of the house, ‘The Teacher says: “Where is the guest room where I may eat the Passover with my disciples?”’ <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>And he will show you a large upper room, furnished and ready. Prepare it for us there.” <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>So the disciples went out, and they entered the city and found it just as he said to them, and they prepared for the Passover.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
