<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, March 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Tuesday, March 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>All things . . . that you want men to do to you, you also must do to them.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 7:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">Jesus taught principles that would help his followers to treat others fairly. Think, for example, about the Golden Rule. We all want to be treated fairly. Therefore, we should behave fairly toward others. If we do, they may be moved to treat us with fairness. But what if we have been treated unjustly? Jesus also taught his followers to trust that Jehovah will “cause justice to be done for [those] who cry out to him day and night.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 18:6, 7</a>) That statement is, in effect, a promise: Our just God is aware of the trials we are facing in these last days, and he will cause justice to be done for us in his due time. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Thess. 1:6</a>) When we follow the principles that Jesus taught, we will treat others in a just way. And if we have been a victim of injustice in Satan’s world, we can take comfort in knowing that Jehovah will cause justice to be done for us. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>5 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 7:12)</strong></a> “All things, therefore, that you want men to do to you, you also must do to them. This, in fact, is what the Law and the Prophets mean.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 18:6, 7)</strong></a> Then the Lord said: “Hear what the judge, although unrighteous, said! <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Certainly, then, will not God cause justice to be done for his chosen ones who cry out to him day and night, while he is patient toward them?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Thess. 1:6)</strong></a> This takes into account that it is righteous on God’s part to repay tribulation to those who make tribulation for you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
