<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, March 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Tuesday, March 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp"><em>Be wise, my son, and make my heart rejoice.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 27:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">When faced with tests, Jesus prayed “with strong outcries and tears.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 5:7</a>) His fervent prayers flowed from a loyal heart and strengthened his desire to remain obedient. To Jehovah, Jesus’ prayers were like the aroma of sweet-smelling incense. Jesus’ entire life course deeply pleased his Father and vindicated His sovereignty. We can imitate Jesus by doing our best to live a life of integrity and of loyalty to Jehovah’s ways and laws. When faced with tests, we pray fervently for Jehovah’s help because we want to please him. We realize that Jehovah will not accept our prayers if we are involved in conduct that he condemns. However, if we live according to Jehovah’s standards, we can be confident that our heartfelt prayers will be like sweet-smelling incense to Jehovah. And we can be sure that our integrity and loyal obedience please our heavenly Father. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>21-22 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p71" data-pid="71" class="p71"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 9) </strong><span id="citationsource3"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted23.xhtml#citation3"><strong>Luke 19:29-44</strong></a></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 27:11)</strong></a> Be wise, my son, and make my heart rejoice, So that I can make a reply to him who taunts me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 5:7)</strong></a> During his life on earth,* Christ offered up supplications and also petitions, with strong outcries and tears, to the One who was able to save him out of death, and he was favorably heard for his godly fear.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “In the days of his flesh.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
