<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, March 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Friday, March 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class="themeScrp"><em>The borrower is a slave to the lender.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 22:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">Have you moved recently? A move can be surprisingly costly, and it is easy to get into debt. To minimize the debt, beware of buying on credit things you do not really need. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 22:3</a>) When we are under emotional pressure, as when caring for sick loved ones, we may find it difficult to decide how much debt to take on. In such situations, remember that “prayer and supplication” can help you to make wise decisions. In response to your prayers, Jehovah can grant you the peace that will “guard your hearts and your mental powers,” helping you to think things through calmly. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Phil. 4:6, 7;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 1 Pet. 5:7</a>) Maintain good relationships. Share your feelings and experiences with good friends, especially those who may have experienced similar joys and challenges. Doing so can promote emotional healing. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Eccl. 4:9, 10</a>) The friends you made before you moved will remain your friends. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>22 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 22:7)</strong></a> The rich one rules the poor, And the borrower is a slave to the lender.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 22:3)</strong></a> The shrewd one sees the danger and conceals himself, But the inexperienced keep right on going and suffer the consequences.*</p><p></p><p>Or “penalty.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:6, 7)</strong></a> Do not be anxious over anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication along with thanksgiving, let your petitions be made known to God; <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>and the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and your mental powers* by means of Christ Jesus.</p><p></p><p>Or “your minds; your thoughts.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:7)</strong></a> while you throw all your anxiety* on him, because he cares for you.</p><p></p><p>Or “cares; worries.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Eccl. 4:9, 10)</strong></a> Two are better than one because they have a good reward* for their hard work. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>For if one of them falls, the other can help his partner up. But what will happen to the one who falls with no one to help him up?</p><p></p><p>Or “greater benefit.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
