<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, March 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Thursday, March 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class="themeScrp"><em>As a mother comforts her son, so I will keep comforting you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 66:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">When the prophet Elijah was on the run for his life, he was so discouraged that he wished for death. Jehovah sent a mighty angel to visit that discouraged man. The angel provided very practical help. He gave Elijah a hot meal and encouraged him to eat. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Ki. 19:5-8</a>) That account illustrates a useful truth: Sometimes a simple act of practical kindness can do a great deal of good. Perhaps a meal, a modest gift, or a thoughtful card would assure a downhearted brother or sister of our love and concern. If we feel uncomfortable discussing very personal or painful subjects, perhaps we can still give such practical help. Jehovah miraculously gave Elijah the help he needed to go all the way to Mount Horeb, far out of the reach of those who sought to do him harm. What lesson may we draw? If we want to offer comfort to victims of abuse, we may need first to help them feel safe, whether at their home or at the Kingdom Hall. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>16 ¶11;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation2"> 17 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 66:13)</strong></a> As a mother comforts her son, So I will keep comforting you; And over Jerusalem you will be comforted.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 19:5-8)</strong></a> Then he lay down and fell asleep under the broom tree. But suddenly an angel touched him and said to him: “Get up and eat.” <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>When he looked, there at his head was a round loaf on heated stones and a jug of water. He ate and drank and lay down again. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Later the angel of Jehovah came back a second time and touched him and said: “Get up and eat, for the journey will be too much for you.” <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>So he got up and ate and drank, and in the strength of that nourishment he went on for 40 days and 40 nights until he reached Horʹeb, the mountain of the true God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
