<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, March 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Monday, March 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class="themeScrp"><em>I have other sheep, which are not of this fold.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 10:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">Throughout the Scriptures, we read of men and women of faith who were deeply influenced by holy spirit; yet they are not part of the 144,000. John the Baptist is one example. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 11:11</a>) David is another. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 2:34</a>) They and countless others will be resurrected to life on a paradise earth. All of them​—along with the great crowd—​will have the opportunity to demonstrate their loyalty to Jehovah and his sovereignty. Never before in human history has God united millions of people from all nations. Whether our hope is to live in heaven or on earth, we need to help as many as possible to become part of the great crowd of “other sheep.” Soon, Jehovah will bring the foretold great tribulation that will destroy the governments and religions that have afflicted mankind. What an outstanding privilege lies before all members of the great crowd​—to serve Jehovah on earth forever!​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rev. 7:14</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>31 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 10:16)</strong></a> “And I have other sheep, which are not of this fold; those too I must bring in, and they will listen to my voice, and they will become one flock, one shepherd.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:11)</strong></a> Truly I say to you, among those born of women, there has not been raised up anyone greater than John the Baptist, but a lesser person in the Kingdom of the heavens is greater than he is.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 2:34)</strong></a> For David did not ascend to the heavens, but he himself says, ‘Jehovah said to my Lord: “Sit at my right hand</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:14)</strong></a> So right away I said to him: “My lord, you are the one who knows.” And he said to me: “These are the ones who come out of the great tribulation, and they have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
