<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, March 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Sunday, March 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class="themeScrp"><em>The form of worship that is clean and undefiled from the standpoint of our God and Father is this: to look after orphans and widows in their tribulation.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jas. 1:27</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">Just as Ruth stuck with the widowed Naomi, we need to provide ongoing support for those who lose a loved one in death. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ruth 1:16, 17</a>) Paula says: “Right after my husband died, I got a lot of support. As time passed, people’s lives seemed to go back to normal. However, my life had changed completely. It is a huge help when others realize that a grieving person needs support in the months​—even years—​following the death.” Of course, each person is different. Some seem to adjust to their new circumstances relatively quickly. For others, however, every activity they once shared with their loved one is a painful reminder of their loss. The ways people grieve vary from person to person. Let us remember that Jehovah gives us the honor and responsibility to care for those who have lost their mate in death. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>24 ¶16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:27)</strong></a> The form of worship* that is clean and undefiled from the standpoint of our God and Father is this: to look after orphans and widows in their tribulation, and to keep oneself without spot from the world.</p><p></p><p>Or “religion.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ruth 1:16, 17)</strong></a> But Ruth said: “Do not plead with me to abandon you, to turn back from accompanying you; for where you go I will go, and where you spend the night, I will spend the night. Your people will be my people, and your God my God. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Where you die I will die, and there I will be buried. May Jehovah do so to me and add to it if anything but death should separate me from you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
