<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, March 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p88" data-pid="88">Sunday, March 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p89" data-pid="89" class="themeScrp"><em>No one has love greater than this, that someone should surrender his life in behalf of his friends.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 15:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class="p90">“The law of the Christ” is built on the best possible foundation​—love. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gal. 6:2</a>) Jesus was motivated by love in everything he did. Pity, or tender compassion, is an expression of love. Moved by such pity, Jesus taught the crowds, healed the sick, fed the hungry, and raised the dead. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 14:14;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 15:32-38;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Mark 6:34;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Luke 7:11-15</a>) Jesus willingly put the needs of others ahead of his own. Above all, he showed great love by surrendering his life in behalf of others. We can imitate Jesus by putting the needs of others ahead of our own. We can also imitate him by cultivating tender compassion for people in our territory. When such compassion moves us to preach and teach the good news, we are obeying the law of the Christ. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>4 ¶8-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 14) </strong><span id="citationsource7"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Luke 22:66-71</a></strong></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 15:13)</strong></a> No one has love greater than this, that someone should surrender his life in behalf of his friends.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:2)</strong></a> Go on carrying the burdens of one another, and in this way you will fulfill the law of the Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 14:14)</strong></a> When he came ashore, he saw a large crowd, and he felt pity for them, and he cured their sick ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 15:32-38)</strong></a> But Jesus called his disciples to him and said: “I feel pity for the crowd, because they have already stayed with me for three days and they have had nothing to eat. I do not want to send them away hungry,* for they may give out on the road.” <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>However, the disciples said to him: “Where in this isolated place are we going to get enough bread to satisfy a crowd of this size?” <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>At this Jesus said to them: “How many loaves do you have?” They said: “Seven, and a few small fish.” <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>So after instructing the crowd to recline on the ground, <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>he took the seven loaves and the fish, and after offering thanks, he broke them and began giving them to the disciples, and the disciples gave them to the crowds. <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>And all ate and were satisfied, and they took up seven large baskets full of leftover fragments. <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>Now those eating were 4,000 men, as well as women and young children.</p><p></p><p>Or “without food; fasting.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Mark 6:34)</strong></a> Well, on getting out, he saw a large crowd, and he was moved with pity for them, because they were as sheep without a shepherd. And he started to teach them many things.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Luke 7:11-15)</strong></a> Soon afterward he traveled to a city called Naʹin, and his disciples and a large crowd were traveling with him. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>As he got near the gate of the city, why look! there was a dead man being carried out, the only son of his mother. Besides, she was a widow. A considerable crowd from the city was also with her. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>When the Lord caught sight of her, he was moved with pity for her, and he said to her: “Stop weeping.” <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>With that he approached and touched the bier,* and the bearers stood still. Then he said: “Young man, I say to you, get up!”* <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>And the dead man sat up and started to speak, and Jesus gave him to his mother.</p><p></p><p>Or “funeral stretcher.”</p><p>Or “wake up!”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Luke 22:66-71)</strong></a> And when it became day, the assembly of elders of the people, both chief priests and scribes, gathered together, and they led him into their Sanʹhe·drin hall and said: <strong><sup>67 </sup></strong>“If you are the Christ, tell us.” But he said to them: “Even if I told you, you would not believe it at all. <strong><sup>68 </sup></strong>Moreover, if I questioned you, you would not answer. <strong><sup>69 </sup></strong>However, from now on the Son of man will be seated at the powerful right hand of God.” <strong><sup>70 </sup></strong>At this they all said: “Are you, therefore, the Son of God?” He said to them: “You yourselves are saying that I am.” <strong><sup>71 </sup></strong>They said: “Why do we need further testimony? For we ourselves have heard it out of his own mouth.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
