<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, April 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Sunday, April 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="themeScrp"><em>I was troubled by my sin.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 38:18</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">Some types of anxiety are good. For example, we are properly concerned about pleasing Jehovah and Jesus. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 7:32</a>) If we commit a serious sin, we are anxious to restore our friendship with God. We are also anxious to please our marriage mate and to care for the welfare of our family members and fellow believers. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 7:33;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 2 Cor. 11:28</a>) On the other hand, undue anxiety may cause us to constantly worry about having enough food and clothing. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 6:31, 32</a>) To ease that worry, we might focus on gaining material possessions. If we allow that to happen, our faith in Jehovah will become weak and we will suffer serious spiritual harm. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Mark 4:19;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 1 Tim. 6:10</a>) Or we might fall victim to becoming overly concerned about gaining the approval of others. We may then fear being ridiculed or persecuted by men more than we fear displeasing Jehovah. To protect ourselves from that danger, we must beg Jehovah to give us the faith and courage we need to face the challenge.​—<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Prov. 29:25;</a><span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9"> Luke 17:5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>15 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 38:18)</strong></a> I confessed my error; I was troubled by my sin.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:32)</strong></a> Indeed, I want you to be free from anxiety. The unmarried man is anxious for the things of the Lord, how he may gain the Lord’s approval.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:33)</strong></a> But the married man is anxious for the things of the world, how he may gain the approval of his wife,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 11:28)</strong></a> Besides those things of an external kind, there is what rushes in on me from day to day:* the anxiety for all the congregations.</p><p></p><p>Or “the daily pressure on me.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:31, 32)</strong></a> So never be anxious and say, ‘What are we to eat?’ or, ‘What are we to drink?’ or, ‘What are we to wear?’ <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>For all these are the things the nations are eagerly pursuing. Your heavenly Father knows that you need all these things.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Mark 4:19)</strong></a> but the anxieties of this system of things and the deceptive power of riches* and the desires for everything else make inroads and choke the word, and it becomes unfruitful.</p><p></p><p>Or “the seductiveness (deceptive pleasure) of being wealthy.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 6:10)</strong></a> For the love of money is a root of all sorts of injurious things, and by reaching out for this love some have been led astray from the faith and have stabbed themselves all over with many pains.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Prov. 29:25)</strong></a> Trembling at* men is* a snare, But the one trusting in Jehovah will be protected.</p><p></p><p>Or “Fear of.”</p><p>Or “lays.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Luke 17:5)</strong></a> Now the apostles said to the Lord: “Give us more faith.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
