<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, April 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Wednesday, April 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah is my helper; I will not be afraid.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 13:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">Many years ago, <em>The Watchtower </em>observed: “The person who knows God best will trust him the most in time of test.” How true! To face persecution successfully, we must love Jehovah and trust in him completely. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 22:36-38;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Jas. 5:11</a>) Read the Bible daily with the goal of drawing closer to Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Jas. 4:8</a>) As you read, focus on Jehovah’s tender qualities. Feel his love and affection expressed in the things he says and does. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ex. 34:6</a>) Some may struggle to believe that God loves them because they have never been shown love. If you face that challenge, try making a list each day of ways that Jehovah has shown mercy and kindness to you. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Ps. 78:38, 39;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> Rom. 8:32</a>) As you consider your own experiences and meditate on what you have read in God’s Word, you will likely be able to list many things that Jehovah has done for you. The more you appreciate what Jehovah does, the stronger your bond with him will be.​—<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Ps. 116:1, 2</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>2-3 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:6)</strong></a> So that we may be of good courage and say: “Jehovah* is my helper; I will not be afraid. What can man do to me?”</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 22:36-38)</strong></a> “Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the Law?” <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>He said to him: “‘You must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind.’ <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>This is the greatest and first commandment.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jas. 5:11)</strong></a> Look! We consider happy* those who have endured. You have heard of the endurance of Job and have seen the outcome Jehovah* gave, that Jehovah* is very tender in affection* and merciful.</p><p></p><p>Or “blessed.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Or “very compassionate.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Jas. 4:8)</strong></a> Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners, and purify your hearts, you indecisive ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ex. 34:6)</strong></a> Jehovah was passing before him and declaring: “Jehovah, Jehovah, a God merciful and compassionate,* slow to anger and abundant in loyal love* and truth,*</p><p></p><p>Or “gracious.”</p><p>Or “loving-kindness.”</p><p>Or “faithfulness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ps. 78:38, 39)</strong></a> But he was merciful; He would forgive* their error and not bring them to ruin. He often held back his anger Instead of stirring up all his wrath. <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>For he remembered that they were flesh, A wind that blows past and does not return.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “cover.”</p><p>Or possibly, “That the spirit is going forth and does not come back.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:32)</strong></a> Since he did not even spare his own Son but handed him over for us all, will he not also, along with him, kindly give us all other things?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Ps. 116:1, 2)</strong></a> I love Jehovah Because he hears* my voice, my pleas for help.  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>For he inclines his ear* to me, And I will call on him as long as I live.*</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “I love because Jehovah hears.”</p><p>Or “bends down to listen.”</p><p>Lit., “in my days.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
