<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, April 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8">Saturday, April 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class="themeScrp"><em>Those whom Jehovah loves he disciplines.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 12:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">As part of our training, our loving Father disciplines us when necessary. He does so in many ways. For instance, something we read in his Word or hear at our meetings may correct us. Or perhaps the help we need comes from the elders. Regardless of the form it takes, Jehovah’s discipline is always motivated by love. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jer. 30:11</a>) Jehovah supports us through trials. Just as a caring human father supports his children during difficult times, our heavenly Father sustains us through trials. He uses his holy spirit to protect us from spiritual harm. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 11:13</a>) Jehovah also protects us emotionally. For example, he gives us a marvelous hope. That hope for the future helps us to endure difficulties. Consider this: No matter what bad things happen to us, our loving Father will undo any injury we suffer. Whatever trials we are facing, these are only temporary, but the blessings Jehovah gives are everlasting.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Cor. 4:16-18</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>5 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 12:6)</strong></a> for those whom Jehovah* loves he disciplines, in fact, he scourges* everyone whom he receives as a son.”</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Or “punishes.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jer. 30:11)</strong></a> “For I am with you,” declares Jehovah, “to save you. But I will make an extermination among all the nations to which I scattered you; However, you I will not exterminate. I will discipline* you to the proper degree, And I will by no means leave you unpunished.”</p><p></p><p>Or “correct.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 11:13)</strong></a> Therefore, if you, although being wicked, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more so will the Father in heaven give holy spirit to those asking him!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 4:16-18)</strong></a> Therefore, we do not give up, but even if the man we are outside is wasting away, certainly the man we are inside is being renewed from day to day. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>For though the tribulation is momentary and light, it works out for us a glory that is of more and more surpassing greatness* and is everlasting; <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>while we keep our eyes, not on the things seen, but on the things unseen. For the things seen are temporary, but the things unseen are everlasting.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “weight.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
