<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, April 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Wednesday, April 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jas. 4:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">Meetings help us to draw closer to Jehovah. Our attitude toward attending meetings is a good indicator of how successful we will be at dealing with persecution in the future. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 10:24, 25</a>) Why so? If we allow small obstacles to keep us from attending meetings now, what will happen in the future if we have to risk our safety to meet with fellow believers? On the other hand, if we develop a firm resolve to attend meetings, we will not give in when opposers try to stop us from gathering together. Now is the time to develop a love for our meetings. When we love to attend meetings, no opposition, not even a government ban, will stop us from obeying God rather than men. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 5:29</a>) Memorize your favorite scriptures. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 13:52</a>) Your memory may not be perfect, but Jehovah can use his powerful holy spirit to bring those scriptures back to your mind. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">John 14:26</a>) Those scriptures will help you to stay close to Jehovah​—and to endure faithfully. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>3 ¶5;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation2"> 4 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jas. 4:8)</strong></a> Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners, and purify your hearts, you indecisive ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:24, 25)</strong></a> And let us consider* one another so as to incite* to love and fine works, <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>not forsaking our meeting together, as some have the custom, but encouraging one another, and all the more so as you see the day drawing near.</p><p></p><p>Or “be concerned about; pay attention to.”</p><p>Or “motivate; stir up.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 5:29)</strong></a> In answer Peter and the other apostles said: “We must obey God as ruler rather than men.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 13:52)</strong></a> Then he said to them: “That being the case, every public instructor who is taught about the Kingdom of the heavens is like a man, the master of the house, who brings out of his treasure store things both new and old.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 14:26)</strong></a> But the helper, the holy spirit, which the Father will send in my name, that one will teach you all things and bring back to your minds all the things I told you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
