<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, April 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Wednesday, April 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class="themeScrp"><em>All those desiring to live with godly devotion in association with Christ Jesus will also be persecuted.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Tim. 3:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">In 2018, more than 223,000 publishers of the good news lived in lands where our spiritual activities were banned or severely restricted. This is not surprising. True Christians expect to be persecuted. No matter where we live, secular authorities may suddenly and unexpectedly ban us from worshipping our loving God, Jehovah. If a government bans our worship, we might wrongly conclude that we do not have God’s blessing. But remember, persecution does not mean that Jehovah is unhappy with us. Take, for example, the apostle Paul. He certainly had God’s approval. He had the privilege of writing 14 letters of the Christian Greek Scriptures, and he was an apostle to the nations. Yet, he faced intense persecution. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 11:23-27</a>) We learn from the apostle Paul’s experience that Jehovah allows his faithful servants to be persecuted. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>8 ¶1,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation2"> 3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:12)</strong></a> In fact, all those desiring to live with godly devotion in association with Christ Jesus will also be persecuted.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 11:23-27)</strong></a> Are they ministers of Christ? I reply like a madman, I am more outstandingly one: I have done more work, been imprisoned more often, suffered countless beatings, and experienced many near-deaths. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>Five times I received 40 strokes less one from the Jews, <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>three times I was beaten with rods, once I was stoned, three times I experienced shipwreck, a night and a day I have spent in the open sea; <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>in journeys often, in dangers from rivers, in dangers from robbers, in dangers from my own people, in dangers from the nations, in dangers in the city, in dangers in the wilderness, in dangers at sea, in dangers among false brothers, <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>in labor and toil, in sleepless nights often, in hunger and thirst, frequently without food, in cold and lacking clothing.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
