<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, April 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Sunday, April 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class="themeScrp"><em>The spirit that has taken up residence within us keeps enviously longing.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jas. 4:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">We can win the battle against envy! Consider the example of Joseph’s brothers. Years after they had mistreated Joseph, they met him in Egypt. Before Joseph revealed his real identity to his brothers, he tested them to find out if they had changed. He arranged a meal at which he gave the youngest brother, Benjamin, significantly more attention than he gave the others. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 43:33, 34</a>) Yet, there is no indication that his brothers became envious of Benjamin. Instead, they showed genuine concern for their brother and for their father, Jacob. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 44:30-34</a>) Because Joseph’s brothers had let go of envy, they were able to help restore peace in their family. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gen. 45:4,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 15</a>) Similarly, if we uproot any feelings of envy, we will help to keep our family and our congregation peaceful. Jehovah wants us to fight envy and to pursue peace. If we cultivate humility, contentment, and appreciation, we will leave no room for envy. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>19 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jas. 4:5)</strong></a> Or do you think that for no reason the scripture says: “The spirit that has taken up residence within us keeps enviously longing”?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 43:33, 34)</strong></a> The brothers* were seated before him, the firstborn according to his right as firstborn and the youngest according to his youth, and they kept looking at one another in amazement. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>He kept sending portions of food from his table to theirs, but he increased Benjamin’s portion five times the size of the portions of all the others. So they continued banqueting and drinking with him to the full.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “They.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 44:30-34)</strong></a> “And now if I return to your slave my father without the boy along with us, since his own life* is bound up with this one’s life,* <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>then as soon as he sees that the boy is not there, he will die, and your slaves will indeed bring down the gray hairs of your slave our father to the Grave* in grief. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>Your slave gave a guarantee to my father for the boy, saying, ‘If I fail to bring him back to you, then I will have sinned against my father forever.’ <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>So now, please, let your slave stay instead of the boy as my master’s slave, in order that the boy may return with his brothers. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>How can I return to my father without the boy along with me? I could not bear looking on when this calamity befalls my father!”</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.”</p><p>Or “soul.”</p><p>Or “Sheol,” that is, the common grave of mankind. See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gen. 45:4)</strong></a> So Joseph said to his brothers: “Come close to me, please.” With that they came close to him. Then he said: “I am Joseph your brother, whom you sold into Egypt.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Gen. 45:15)</strong></a> And he kissed all his brothers and wept over them, and after that his brothers spoke with him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
