<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, April 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Friday, April 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="themeScrp"><em>Everyone must be quick to listen, slow to speak.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jas. 1:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">When dealing with a distressed person, are we a good listener? It involves more than staying still and saying nothing. We can show sympathy and tender compassion while listening. At times, a few tactful, warm words may show how we feel. You might say: “I am so sorry that happened to you!” Perhaps you could ask a question or two to make sure you understand what the anguished friend is saying. You might ask, “Can you please help me understand what you mean?” or “When you said that, I concluded . . . Did I get it right?” Such loving expressions may assure the person that you are truly listening, trying to make sure that you understand. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 13:4,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 7</a>) Be careful, though, to remain “slow to speak.” Do not interrupt to give advice or to correct the person’s thinking. And be patient! Rather than trying to provide solutions, we offer sympathy and tender compassion.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Pet. 3:8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>17-18 ¶15-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:19)</strong></a> Know this, my beloved brothers: Everyone must be quick to listen, slow to speak, slow to anger,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 13:4)</strong></a> Love is patient and kind. Love is not jealous. It does not brag, does not get puffed up,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 13:7)</strong></a> It bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:8)</strong></a> Finally, all of you have unity of mind,* fellow feeling, brotherly affection, tender compassion, and humility.</p><p></p><p>Or “think in agreement.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
