<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, April 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71">Saturday, April 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class="themeScrp"><em>The whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 John 5:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">The Devil controls this system of things, and he uses it to appeal to our natural human desires and fleshly weaknesses. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 2:1-3</a>) His goal is to divide our affections so that we are not exclusively devoted to Jehovah. After writing about the end of Satan’s world and the new world to come, the apostle Peter stated: “Beloved ones, since you are awaiting these things, do your utmost to be found finally by him spotless and unblemished and in peace.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Pet. 3:14</a>) When we obey that counsel and do our best to remain morally and spiritually clean, we prove that we are exclusively devoted to Jehovah. Satan and his system will continue to tempt us to change our priorities. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Luke 4:13</a>) But despite any challenges we face, we will not allow anyone or anything to take Jehovah’s place in our heart. We are determined to give Jehovah what he alone deserves​—our exclusive devotion! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>27 ¶4;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation2"> 31 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 John 5:19)</strong></a> We know that we originate with God, but the whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 2:1-3)</strong></a> Furthermore, God made you alive, though you were dead in your trespasses and sins, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>in which you at one time walked according to the system of things* of this world, according to the ruler of the authority of the air, the spirit that is now at work in the sons of disobedience. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Yes, among them we all at one time conducted ourselves in harmony with the desires of our flesh, carrying out the will of the flesh and of our thoughts, and we were naturally children of wrath just as the rest.</p><p></p><p>Or “the course.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 3:14)</strong></a> Therefore, beloved ones, since you are awaiting these things, do your utmost to be found finally by him spotless and unblemished and in peace.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 4:13)</strong></a> So the Devil, having finished all the temptation, departed from him until another convenient time.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
