<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, April 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47">Friday, April 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class="themeScrp"><em>The thoughts of a man’s heart are like deep waters, but the discerning man draws them out.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 20:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">When preaching, we must try to understand the factors that have influenced the people we meet. The apostle Paul grew up among Jews. He surely had to adapt his preaching to Gentiles, people who knew little or nothing about Jehovah and the Scriptures. We might have to do some research so that we can empathize with and understand the people in our territory. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 9:20-23</a>) Our goal is to find “deserving” ones. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 10:11</a>) To be effective, we must invite people to express their opinions and then listen attentively. A brother in England asks people for their opinion about how to have a happy marriage, how to raise children, or how to cope with injustice. After listening to their comments, he says, “What do you think of this advice written nearly 2,000 years ago?” Then, without saying the word “Bible,” he shows them well-chosen scriptures on his phone. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>21-22 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 20:5)</strong></a> The thoughts* of a man’s heart are like deep waters, But the discerning man draws them out.</p><p></p><p>Or “intentions.” Lit., “counsel.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 9:20-23)</strong></a> To the Jews I became as a Jew in order to gain Jews; to those under law I became as under law, though I myself am not under law, in order to gain those under law. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>To those without law I became as without law, although I am not without law toward God but under law toward Christ, in order to gain those without law. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>To the weak I became weak, in order to gain the weak. I have become all things to people of all sorts, so that I might by all possible means save some. <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>But I do all things for the sake of the good news, in order to share it with others.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 10:11)</strong></a> “Into whatever city or village you enter, search out who in it is deserving, and stay there until you leave.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
