<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, May 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Wednesday, May 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class="themeScrp"><em>Carry on as citizens in a manner worthy of the good news about the Christ.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 1:27</a></em><em>, ftn.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">The apostle Paul was confident that he would finish the race and reach his goal. As an anointed Christian, he looked forward to gaining “the prize of the upward call of God.” However, to reach that goal, he realized that he had to keep “pressing on.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Phil. 3:14</a>) Paul shared with the Philippians an interesting comparison to help them keep focused on their goal. Paul reminded the Philippians of their heavenly citizenship. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Phil. 3:20</a>) Why did such citizenship matter? In those days, Roman citizenship was highly prized. However, anointed Christians had a much better citizenship, one that would bring far greater advantages. Roman citizenship paled in comparison! Anointed Christians today set a fine example as they press on toward their goal of everlasting life in heaven. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>6 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 1:27)</strong></a> Only behave* in a manner worthy of the good news about the Christ, so that whether I come and see you or I am absent, I may hear about you and learn that you are standing firm in one spirit, with one soul,* striving side by side for the faith of the good news,</p><p></p><p>Or “carry on as citizens.”</p><p>Or “with one accord.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Phil. 3:14)</strong></a> I am pressing on toward the goal for the prize of the upward call of God by means of Christ Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Phil. 3:20)</strong></a> But our citizenship exists in the heavens, and we are eagerly waiting for a savior from there, the Lord Jesus Christ,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
