<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, May 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8">Monday, May 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class="themeScrp"><em>When anxieties overwhelmed me, you comforted and soothed me.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 94:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">Have you ever been plagued by anxiety? Perhaps it was because of what others have said or done or because of what you have said or done. For example, you may have made a mistake, and you worry that Jehovah will never forgive you. To make matters worse, you may believe that because you are overwhelmed by anxiety, you must lack faith​—you must be a bad person. Consider, though, a few Scriptural examples. Hannah, the prophet Samuel’s mother, was a woman of great faith. Yet, she was overcome by anxiety when a member of her household treated her badly. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Sam. 1:7</a>) The apostle Paul had strong faith, but he was overwhelmed with “anxiety for all the congregations.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Cor. 11:28</a>) King David had such strong faith that Jehovah developed a special fondness for him. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 13:22</a>) Even so, David made mistakes that caused him to suffer bouts of crushing anxiety. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 38:4</a>) Jehovah comforted and soothed each one of them. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>20 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 94:19)</strong></a> When anxieties* overwhelmed me,* You comforted and soothed me.*</p><p></p><p>Or “disquieting thoughts.”</p><p>Or “became many inside of me.”</p><p>Or “Your consolations soothed my soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 1:7)</strong></a> That is what she would do year after year; whenever Hanʹnah went up to the house of Jehovah, her rival would taunt her so much that she would weep and not eat.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 11:28)</strong></a> Besides those things of an external kind, there is what rushes in on me from day to day:* the anxiety for all the congregations.</p><p></p><p>Or “the daily pressure on me.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 13:22)</strong></a> After removing him, he raised up for them David as king, about whom he bore witness and said: ‘I have found David the son of Jesʹse a man agreeable to my heart; he will do all the things I desire.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 38:4)</strong></a> For my errors loom over my head; Like a heavy burden, they are too much for me to bear.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
