<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, May 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Thursday, May 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>I am mild-tempered and lowly in heart.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 11:29</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">Ask yourself: ‘Do I have a reputation for being mild-tempered and humble? Do I willingly do menial jobs to serve others? Am I kind to others?’ Jesus created a peaceful, inviting environment for his fellow workers, and he enjoyed training them. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 10:1,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 19-21</a>) He encouraged his disciples to ask questions, and he wanted to hear their opinions. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 16:13-16</a>) Much like plants in a greenhouse, the disciples flourished. They absorbed the lessons that Jesus taught and produced fruit in the form of good works. Do you have a position of authority? If so, ask yourself: ‘What kind of environment do I create at work or at home? Do I promote peace? Do I encourage others to ask questions? And am I willing to hear their opinions?’ Never would we want to be like the Pharisees, who resented those who questioned them and persecuted those who expressed an opinion contrary to their own.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Mark 3:1-6;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> John 9:29-34</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>20 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation2"> 23 ¶9-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:29)</strong></a> Take my yoke upon you and learn from me,* for I am mild-tempered and lowly in heart, and you will find refreshment for yourselves.</p><p></p><p>Or “become my disciples (learners).”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 10:1)</strong></a> After these things the Lord designated 70 others and sent them out by twos ahead of him into every city and place where he himself was to go.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 10:19-21)</strong></a> Look! I have given you the authority to trample underfoot serpents and scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy, and nothing at all will harm you. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>Nevertheless, do not rejoice because the spirits are made subject to you, but rejoice because your names have been written in the heavens.” <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>In that very hour he became overjoyed in the holy spirit and said: “I publicly praise you, Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because you have carefully hidden these things from wise and intellectual ones and have revealed them to young children. Yes, O Father, because this is the way you approved.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 16:13-16)</strong></a> When he had come into the region of Caes·a·reʹa Phi·lipʹpi, Jesus asked his disciples: “Who are men saying the Son of man is?” <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>They said: “Some say John the Baptist, others E·liʹjah, and still others Jeremiah or one of the prophets.” <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>He said to them: “You, though, who do you say I am?” <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>Simon Peter answered: “You are the Christ, the Son of the living God.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Mark 3:1-6)</strong></a> Once again he entered into a synagogue, and a man with a withered* hand was there. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>So they were watching him closely to see whether he would cure the man on the Sabbath, in order to accuse him. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>He said to the man with the withered* hand: “Get up and come to the center.” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Next he said to them: “Is it lawful on the Sabbath to do good or to do harm, to save a life or to kill?” But they kept silent. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>After looking around at them with indignation, being thoroughly grieved at the insensibility of their hearts, he said to the man: “Stretch out your hand.” And he stretched it out, and his hand was restored. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>At that the Pharisees went out and immediately began holding council with the party followers of Herod against him, in order to kill him.</p><p></p><p>Or “paralyzed.” Lit., “dried-up.”</p><p>Or “paralyzed.” Lit., “dried-up.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(John 9:29-34)</strong></a> We know that God has spoken to Moses, but as for this man, we do not know where he is from.” <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>The man answered them: “This is certainly amazing, that you do not know where he is from, and yet he opened my eyes. <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>We know that God does not listen to sinners, but if anyone is God-fearing and does his will, he listens to this one. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>From of old it has never been heard that anyone opened the eyes of one born blind. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>If this man were not from God, he could do nothing at all.” <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>In answer they said to him: “You were altogether born in sin, and yet are you teaching us?” And they threw him out!</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
