<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, May 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Friday, May 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class="themeScrp"><em>Bad associations spoil useful habits.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 15:33</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">Parents, help your children to choose good associates. Both mother and father need to know whom their children are associating with and what they are doing. That includes knowing whom their children are communicating with through social media and on their mobile phone. Those associates can impact how the children think and act. Many parents exert themselves to arrange opportunities for their children to associate with those who set a good example in serving God. For instance, N’Déni and Bomine, a couple in Côte d’Ivoire, often invited the circuit overseer to stay in their home. N’Déni relates: “This had a very good effect on our son. He began pioneering and now serves as a substitute circuit overseer.” The earlier parents begin training their children, the better. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 22:6</a>) Consider Timothy. Timothy’s mother, Eunice, and his grandmother Lois trained him “from infancy.”​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Tim. 1:5;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 3:15</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>25 ¶14;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation2"> 26 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:33)</strong></a> Do not be misled. Bad associations spoil useful habits.*</p><p></p><p>Or “corrupt good morals.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 22:6)</strong></a> Train a boy* in the way he should go; Even when he grows old he will not depart from it.</p><p></p><p>Or “child; youth.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 1:5)</strong></a> For I recall your unhypocritical faith, which dwelled first in your grandmother Loʹis and your mother Euʹnice, but which I am confident is also in you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:15)</strong></a> and that from infancy you have known the holy writings, which are able to make you wise for salvation through faith in Christ Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
