<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, May 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Tuesday, May 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class="themeScrp"><em>It is enough! Now, O Jehovah, take my life away.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Ki. 19:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">Elijah became afraid when Queen Jezebel threatened to kill him. So he fled to the area of Beer-sheba. He became so discouraged that “he asked that he might die.” What made him feel that way? Elijah was an imperfect man, “a man with feelings like ours.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jas. 5:17</a>) Perhaps he felt overwhelmed by stress and physical exhaustion. It seems that Elijah thought that his efforts to promote pure worship had been futile, that nothing in Israel had improved, and that he was the only one still serving Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Ki. 18:3, 4,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 13;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 19:10,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 14</a>) Jehovah understood Elijah’s feelings and did not scold him for expressing them. Instead, he helped Elijah regain strength. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">1 Ki. 19:5-7</a>) Later, Jehovah kindly adjusted Elijah’s thinking by demonstrating His awesome power. Jehovah then pointed out that he still had 7,000 in Israel who refused to worship Baal. (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">1 Ki. 19:11-18</a>) In practical ways, Jehovah showed Elijah that He loved him. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>15-16 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 19:4)</strong></a> He went a day’s journey into the wilderness and came and sat down under a broom tree, and he asked that he* might die. He said: “It is enough! Now, O Jehovah, take my life* away, for I am no better than my forefathers.”</p><p></p><p>Or “his soul.”</p><p>Or “soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jas. 5:17)</strong></a> E·liʹjah was a man with feelings like ours, and yet when he prayed earnestly for it not to rain, it did not rain on the land for three years and six months.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 18:3, 4)</strong></a> Meanwhile, Aʹhab called O·ba·diʹah, who was over the household. (Now O·ba·diʹah greatly feared Jehovah, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>and when Jezʹe·bel was doing away with* Jehovah’s prophets, O·ba·diʹah took 100 prophets and hid them 50 to a cave, and he supplied them with bread and water.)</p><p></p><p>Lit., “cutting off.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 18:13)</strong></a> Has my lord not been told what I did when Jezʹe·bel was killing the prophets of Jehovah, how I hid 100 of the prophets of Jehovah by groups of 50 in a cave and kept supplying them bread and water?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 19:10)</strong></a> To this he said: “I have been absolutely zealous for Jehovah the God of armies; for the people of Israel have forsaken your covenant, your altars they have torn down, and your prophets they have killed with the sword, and I am the only one left. Now they are seeking to take my life* away.”</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 19:14)</strong></a> To this he said: “I have been absolutely zealous for Jehovah the God of armies; for the people of Israel have forsaken your covenant, your altars they have torn down, and your prophets they have killed with the sword, and I am the only one left. Now they are seeking to take my life* away.”</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 19:5-7)</strong></a> Then he lay down and fell asleep under the broom tree. But suddenly an angel touched him and said to him: “Get up and eat.” <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>When he looked, there at his head was a round loaf on heated stones and a jug of water. He ate and drank and lay down again. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Later the angel of Jehovah came back a second time and touched him and said: “Get up and eat, for the journey will be too much for you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 19:11-18)</strong></a> But He said: “Go out and stand on the mountain before Jehovah.” And look! Jehovah was passing by, and a great and strong wind was splitting mountains and breaking crags before Jehovah, but Jehovah was not in the wind. After the wind, there was an earthquake, but Jehovah was not in the earthquake. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>After the earthquake, there was a fire, but Jehovah was not in the fire. After the fire, there was a calm, low voice. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>As soon as E·liʹjah heard it, he wrapped his face in his official garment and went out and stood at the entrance of the cave. Then a voice asked him: “What are you doing here, E·liʹjah?” <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>To this he said: “I have been absolutely zealous for Jehovah the God of armies; for the people of Israel have forsaken your covenant, your altars they have torn down, and your prophets they have killed with the sword, and I am the only one left. Now they are seeking to take my life* away.” <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Jehovah said to him: “Return, and go to the wilderness of Damascus. When you arrive, anoint Hazʹa·el as king over Syria. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>And you should anoint Jeʹhu the grandson of Nimʹshi as king over Israel, and you should anoint E·liʹsha* the son of Shaʹphat from Aʹbel-me·hoʹlah as prophet to take your place. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Anyone escaping from Hazʹa·el’s sword, Jeʹhu will put to death; and anyone escaping from Jeʹhu’s sword, E·liʹsha will put to death. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>And I still have left 7,000 in Israel, all whose knees have not bent down to Baʹal and whose mouths have not kissed him.”</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.”</p><p>Meaning “God Is Salvation.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
