<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, May 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Friday, May 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 28:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">The apostles must have been full of anticipation as they gathered on a mountainside. Jesus had, after his resurrection, arranged for them to meet him at that location. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 28:16</a>) That was perhaps the occasion when “he appeared to more than 500 brothers at one time.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 15:6</a>) Why had Jesus called his disciples to this meeting? To give them an exciting mission: “Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 28:18-20</a>) The disciples who heard Jesus’ words became part of the first-century Christian congregation. The primary mission of that congregation was to make more disciples of Christ. Today, there are tens of thousands of true Christian congregations throughout the earth, and the primary mission of those congregations remains the same. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>14 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:16)</strong></a> However, the 11 disciples went to Galʹi·lee to the mountain where Jesus had arranged for them to meet.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:6)</strong></a> After that he appeared to more than 500 brothers at one time, most of whom are still with us, though some have fallen asleep in death.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:18-20)</strong></a> Jesus approached and spoke to them, saying: “All authority has been given me in heaven and on the earth. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit, <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you. And look! I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
