<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, May 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Saturday, May 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class="themeScrp"><em>The earth remains forever.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eccl. 1:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">A traveling overseer in Norway says that people who are not inclined to talk about God are often willing to talk about world conditions. After greeting people, he says: “What do you think about our prospects for a better future? Does our best hope lie with politicians, scientists, or someone else?” After listening carefully, he reads or quotes a scripture that points to a bright future. Some are intrigued by the Bible’s promise that the earth will last forever and that good people will live on it eternally. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 37:29</a>) We do well to use a variety of approaches with those we meet. Why? Because what attracts one may repel another. Some do not mind discussing God or the Bible, while others respond better to a more indirect approach. In either case, we should take the opportunity to speak to all sorts of people. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 1:14-16</a>) Jehovah is the one who makes the truth grow in the hearts of those who are righteously inclined.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 3:6, 7</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>22-23 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eccl. 1:4)</strong></a> A generation is going, and a generation is coming, But the earth remains* forever.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “is standing.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:29)</strong></a> The righteous will possess the earth, And they will live forever on it.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:14-16)</strong></a> Both to Greeks and to foreigners, both to wise and to senseless ones, I am a debtor; <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>so I am eager to declare the good news also to you there in Rome. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>For I am not ashamed of the good news; it is, in fact, God’s power for salvation to everyone having faith, to the Jew first and also to the Greek.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 3:6, 7)</strong></a> I planted, A·polʹlos watered, but God kept making it grow, <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>so that neither is the one who plants anything nor is the one who waters, but God who makes it grow.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
