<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, May 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Saturday, May 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class="themeScrp"><em>During that time your people will escape.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Dan. 12:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">The war of Armageddon will be the grand finale to the conclusion of this system of things. However, we have nothing to fear. Why? Because this will be God’s fight. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 1:33;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Ezek. 38:18-20;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Zech. 14:3</a>) At Jehovah’s signal, Jesus Christ will lead the charge. He will have alongside him the resurrected anointed ones and myriads of angels. Together, they will war against Satan, his demons, and their earthly forces. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Rev. 6:2;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 17:14</a>) Jehovah has guaranteed: “No weapon formed against you will have any success.” (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Isa. 54:17</a>) “A great crowd” of Jehovah’s faithful worshippers will “come out of the great tribulation” alive! Then they will continue to render him sacred service. (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Rev. 7:9,</a><span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9"> 13-17</a>) How the Bible fills us with confidence about the future! We know that “Jehovah protects the faithful.” (<span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10">Ps. 31:23</a>) All who love and praise Jehovah will delight to see him vindicate his holy name.​—<span id="citationsource11"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation11">Ezek. 38:23</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>18-19 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Dan. 12:1)</strong></a> “During that time Miʹcha·el* will stand up,* the great prince who is standing in behalf of your people.* And there will occur a time of distress such as has not occurred since there came to be a nation until that time. And during that time your people will escape, everyone who is found written down in the book.</p><p></p><p>Meaning “Who Is Like God?”</p><p>Or “arise.”</p><p>Lit., “the sons of your people.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 1:33)</strong></a> But the one listening to me will dwell in security And be undisturbed by the dread of calamity.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ezek. 38:18-20)</strong></a> “‘On that day, the day when Gog invades the land of Israel,’ declares the Sovereign Lord Jehovah, ‘my great rage will flare up. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>In my zeal, in the fire of my fury, I will speak; and in that day there will be a great earthquake in the land of Israel. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>Because of me the fish of the sea, the birds of the sky, the wild beasts of the field, all the reptiles that creep on the ground, and all humans on the surface of the earth will tremble, and the mountains will be thrown down, and the cliffs will fall, and every wall will collapse to the ground.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Zech. 14:3)</strong></a> “Jehovah will go out and war against those nations as when he fights in the day of a battle.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rev. 6:2)</strong></a> And I saw, and look! a white horse, and the one seated on it had a bow; and a crown was given him, and he went out conquering and to complete his conquest.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rev. 17:14)</strong></a> These will battle with the Lamb, but because he is Lord of lords and King of kings, the Lamb will conquer them. Also, those with him who are called and chosen and faithful will do so.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Isa. 54:17)</strong></a> No weapon formed against you will have any success, And you will condemn any tongue that rises up against you in the judgment. This is the heritage* of the servants of Jehovah, And their righteousness is from me,” declares Jehovah.</p><p></p><p>Or “inheritance.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:9)</strong></a> After this I saw, and look! a great crowd, which no man was able to number, out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues,* standing before the throne and before the Lamb, dressed in white robes; and there were palm branches in their hands.</p><p></p><p>Or “languages.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:13-17)</strong></a> In response one of the elders said to me: “These who are dressed in the white robes, who are they and where did they come from?” <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>So right away I said to him: “My lord, you are the one who knows.” And he said to me: “These are the ones who come out of the great tribulation, and they have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>That is why they are before the throne of God, and they are rendering him sacred service day and night in his temple; and the One seated on the throne will spread his tent over them. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>They will hunger no more nor thirst anymore, neither will the sun beat down on them nor any scorching heat, <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>because the Lamb, who is in the midst* of the throne, will shepherd them and will guide them to springs* of waters of life. And God will wipe out every tear from their eyes.”</p><p></p><p>Or “at the center.”</p><p>Or “fountains.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(Ps. 31:23)</strong></a> Love Jehovah, all you who are loyal to him! Jehovah protects the faithful, But he repays exceedingly anyone showing haughtiness.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation11"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource11">^ <strong>(Ezek. 38:23)</strong></a> And I will certainly magnify myself and sanctify myself and make myself known before the eyes of many nations; and they will have to know that I am Jehovah.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
