<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, May 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Monday, May 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="themeScrp"><em>Go on carrying the burdens of one another.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gal. 6:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">Commendably, many congregations and individuals do what they can to enable those in full-time service to remain in their assignments. They do so by encouraging them to continue their work, by giving them financial or other material support, or by helping them to care for their family members back home. If those in full-time service receive a new assignment to your congregation, do not view the change of assignment as an indication that they somehow failed or were disciplined. Instead, help them to make the transition easier. Give them a warm welcome and commend them for the work they have done, even if poor health limits what they can do at present. Get to know them. Learn from their wealth of knowledge, training, and experience. Initially, those receiving a new assignment may need your help to obtain housing, transportation, work, and other basic necessities. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>23-24 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:2)</strong></a> Go on carrying the burdens of one another, and in this way you will fulfill the law of the Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
