<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, May 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89">Sunday, May 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class="themeScrp"><em>He will be filled with holy spirit even from before birth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 1:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">Throughout the Bible, there are many examples of men of faith who received holy spirit; yet, they did not have the hope of living in heaven. David was guided by holy spirit. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Sam. 16:13</a>) Holy spirit helped him to understand the deep things about Jehovah and also directed him to write parts of the Bible. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Mark 12:36</a>) Even so, the apostle Peter said that David “did not ascend to the heavens.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 2:34</a>) John the Baptist was “filled with holy spirit.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Luke 1:13-16</a>) Jesus said that there was no man greater than John, but then he said that John would not be included in the heavenly Kingdom. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Matt. 11:10, 11</a>) Jehovah used his holy spirit to give these men the power to do amazing things, but he did not use that spirit to choose them to live in heaven. Does this mean that they were less faithful? No. It simply means that Jehovah will bring them back to life in Paradise on earth.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">John 5:28, 29;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> Acts 24:15</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>25 ¶15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 1:15)</strong></a> for he will be great in the sight of Jehovah. But he must drink no wine or any alcoholic drink at all, and he will be filled with holy spirit even from before birth,*</p><p></p><p>Or “right from his mother’s womb.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 16:13)</strong></a> So Samuel took the horn of oil and anointed him in the presence of his brothers. And the spirit of Jehovah began to empower David from that day forward. Samuel later rose and went his way to Raʹmah.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Mark 12:36)</strong></a> By the holy spirit, David himself said, ‘Jehovah said to my Lord: “Sit at my right hand until I put your enemies beneath your feet.”’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 2:34)</strong></a> For David did not ascend to the heavens, but he himself says, ‘Jehovah said to my Lord: “Sit at my right hand</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Luke 1:13-16)</strong></a> However, the angel said to him: “Do not be afraid, Zech·a·riʹah, because your supplication has been favorably heard, and your wife Elizabeth will bear you a son, and you are to name him John. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>You will have joy and great gladness, and many will rejoice over his birth, <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>for he will be great in the sight of Jehovah. But he must drink no wine or any alcoholic drink at all, and he will be filled with holy spirit even from before birth,* <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>and he will turn back many of the sons of Israel to Jehovah their God.</p><p></p><p>Or “right from his mother’s womb.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:10, 11)</strong></a> This is the one about whom it is written: ‘Look! I am sending my messenger* ahead of you,* who will prepare your way ahead of you!’ <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>Truly I say to you, among those born of women, there has not been raised up anyone greater than John the Baptist, but a lesser person in the Kingdom of the heavens is greater than he is.</p><p></p><p>Or “angel.”</p><p>Lit., “before your face.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(John 5:28, 29)</strong></a> Do not be amazed at this, for the hour is coming in which all those in the memorial tombs will hear his voice <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>and come out, those who did good things to a resurrection of life, and those who practiced vile things to a resurrection of judgment.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Acts 24:15)</strong></a> And I have hope toward God, which hope these men also look forward to, that there is going to be a resurrection of both the righteous and the unrighteous.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
