<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, May 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23">Saturday, May 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class="themeScrp"><em>Watch that among you there is no one who is sexually immoral.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 12:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">Jehovah God hates all forms of wickedness. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 5:4-6</a>) How he must hate child sexual abuse​—an especially repugnant wicked deed! In imitation of Jehovah, we as his Witnesses abhor child abuse and do not tolerate it in the Christian congregation. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 12:9</a>) Any act of child abuse is absolutely opposed to “the law of the Christ”! (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gal. 6:2</a>) All that Jesus taught both by word and by example is built on love and promotes justice. Governed by this law, true Christians treat children in a way that makes them feel safe and genuinely loved. But child abuse is a selfish, unjust act that makes a child feel unsafe and unloved. Sadly, true Christians have been affected by it. Why? “Wicked men and impostors” abound, and some may try to enter the congregation. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Tim. 3:13</a>) In addition, some professing to be a part of the congregation have succumbed to perverted fleshly desires and have sexually abused children. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>8 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 12:16)</strong></a> and watch that among you there is no one who is sexually immoral* nor anyone who does not appreciate sacred things, like Eʹsau, who gave up his rights as firstborn in exchange for one meal.</p><p></p><p>See Glossary, “Sexual immorality.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 5:4-6)</strong></a> For you are not a God who takes pleasure in wickedness; No one bad may remain with you.  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>No arrogant person may stand in your presence. You hate all those who behave wickedly;  <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>You will destroy those who speak lies. Jehovah detests violent and deceptive people.*</p><p></p><p>Or “a man of bloodshed and deception.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:9)</strong></a> Let your love be without hypocrisy. Abhor what is wicked; cling to what is good.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:2)</strong></a> Go on carrying the burdens of one another, and in this way you will fulfill the law of the Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:13)</strong></a> But wicked men and impostors will advance from bad to worse, misleading and being misled.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
