<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, May 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Wednesday, May 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class="themeScrp"><em>Keep in expectation of it! For it will without fail come true.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Hab. 2:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">We naturally long for the good things that Jehovah has promised. However, when the fulfillment of our expectations appears to be delayed, it may dampen our enthusiasm. We could even lose heart. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 13:12</a>) This happened at the beginning of the 20th century. At that time, many anointed Christians expected to receive their heavenly reward in 1914. When that did not happen, how did faithful ones deal with their delayed expectations? They did not give up the race for life, because their primary focus was on faithfully doing God’s will, not on gaining their reward. They were determined to run the race with endurance. No doubt you long to see Jehovah vindicate his name and sovereignty and fulfill all his promises. Be assured that these things will happen in Jehovah’s due time. Until then, may we keep busy serving our God, never allowing postponed expectations to discourage us or slow us down. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>4-5 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Hab. 2:3)</strong></a> For the vision is yet for its appointed time, And it is rushing toward its end,* and it will not lie. Even if it should delay,* keep in expectation of it!* For it will without fail come true. It will not be late!</p><p></p><p>Or “fulfillment.”</p><p>Or “if it seems to delay.”</p><p>Or “wait eagerly for it!”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 13:12)</strong></a> Expectation* postponed makes the heart sick, But a desire realized is a tree of life.</p><p></p><p>Or “Hope.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
