<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, May 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71">Monday, May 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class="themeScrp"><em>You will be able to extinguish all the wicked one’s burning arrows.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 6:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">Satan, “the father of the lie,” uses those under his control to spread lies about Jehovah and about our brothers and sisters. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 8:44</a>) For instance, apostates publish lies and distort facts about Jehovah’s organization on websites and through television and other media. Those lies are among Satan’s “burning arrows.” How should we respond if someone confronts us with such lies? We reject them! Why? Because we have faith in Jehovah and we trust our brothers. In fact, we avoid all contact with apostates. We do not allow anyone or anything, including curiosity, to draw us into arguing with them nor to weaken our faith. Have you resisted the urge to listen to and argue with apostates about the lies they spread? That is commendable. But we must remain on guard because Satan has other weapons that he tries to use against us. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>15 ¶8;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation2"> 16 ¶11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:16)</strong></a> Besides all of this, take up the large shield of faith, with which you will be able to extinguish all the wicked one’s burning arrows.*</p><p></p><p>Or “missiles; darts.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 8:44)</strong></a> You are from your father the Devil, and you wish to do the desires of your father. That one was a murderer when he began, and he did not stand fast in the truth, because truth is not in him. When he speaks the lie, he speaks according to his own disposition, because he is a liar and the father of the lie.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
