<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, May 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Sunday, May 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp"><em>A true friend shows love at all times.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 17:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">As we move deeper into “the last days,” we may face severe adversities. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Tim. 3:1</a>) For example, after an election campaign, a country in western Africa was torn apart by social unrest and mob violence. For over six months, our brothers and sisters could not move about freely because they were in a combat zone. What helped them to cope with such hardships? Some found refuge in the homes of brothers living in a safer area. One brother reported: “In such a situation, I appreciated having friends around me. We were able to encourage one another.” When “the great tribulation” strikes, we will appreciate having good friends who love us. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rev. 7:14</a>) So it is urgent that we build strong bonds of friendship now. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Pet. 4:7, 8</a>) Why? Because our enemies will try to divide us by means of lies and misinformation. They will try to turn us against one another. But their efforts will be wasted. They will be unable to break our bonds of love. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>2 ¶1-2;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation2"> 7 ¶19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 17:17)</strong></a> A true friend shows love at all times And is a brother who is born for times of distress.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:1)</strong></a> But know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:14)</strong></a> So right away I said to him: “My lord, you are the one who knows.” And he said to me: “These are the ones who come out of the great tribulation, and they have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 4:7, 8)</strong></a> But the end of all things has drawn close. Therefore, be sound in mind, and be vigilant* with a view to prayers. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Above all things, have intense love for one another, because love covers a multitude of sins.</p><p></p><p>Or “alert; awake.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
