<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, May 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Friday, May 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>Whenever it is that they are saying, “Peace and security!” then sudden destruction is to be instantly on them.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Thess. 5:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">World leaders sometimes use similar expressions when they talk about stabilizing relationships between nations. However, the announcement of “peace and security” that the Bible describes will be different. Why? When this happens, people may think that world leaders have succeeded in making the world a safer, more secure place. But in reality, “sudden destruction” will follow as the “great tribulation” unfolds. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 24:21</a>) We do not know what will lead up to the declaration or how it will be made. And we do not know whether it will involve just one proclamation or a series of announcements. Whatever happens, we do know this: We should not be fooled into thinking that world leaders can actually achieve world peace. Rather, it is the signal that “Jehovah’s day” is about to begin!​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Thess. 5:2</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>8-9 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:3)</strong></a> Whenever it is that they are saying, “Peace and security!” then sudden destruction is to be instantly on them, just like birth pains on a pregnant woman, and they will by no means escape.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:21)</strong></a> for then there will be great tribulation such as has not occurred since the world’s beginning until now, no, nor will occur again.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:2)</strong></a> For you yourselves know very well that Jehovah’s* day is coming exactly as a thief in the night.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
