<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, May 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38">Thursday, May 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class="themeScrp"><em>All those desiring to live with godly devotion in association with Christ Jesus will also be persecuted.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Tim. 3:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">On the night before our Lord Jesus was put to death, he said that all who choose to be his disciples will be hated. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 17:14</a>) Up until now, faithful Christian Witnesses of Jehovah have been persecuted by those who oppose true worship. As the end of this system of things draws closer, we expect our enemies to oppose us even more. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 24:9</a>) How can we prepare ourselves now to face persecution? We do not need to imagine all the things that could happen to us. If we did, we could be overwhelmed with fear and anxiety. We could allow imagined threats to defeat us even before any real test comes. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Prov. 12:25;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 17:22</a>) Fear is a powerful weapon that our “adversary, the Devil,” tries to use against us. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">1 Pet. 5:8, 9</a>) It is vital, then, that we strengthen our bond with Jehovah and do it now. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>2 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:12)</strong></a> In fact, all those desiring to live with godly devotion in association with Christ Jesus will also be persecuted.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 17:14)</strong></a> I have given your word to them, but the world has hated them, because they are no part of the world, just as I am no part of the world.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:9)</strong></a> “Then people will hand you over to tribulation and will kill you, and you will be hated by all the nations on account of my name.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 12:25)</strong></a> Anxiety in a man’s heart weighs it down,* But a good word cheers it up.</p><p></p><p>Or “depresses him.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Prov. 17:22)</strong></a> A joyful heart is good medicine,* But a crushed spirit saps one’s strength.*</p><p></p><p>Or “good for healing.”</p><p>Or “dries up the bones.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:8, 9)</strong></a> Keep your senses, be watchful! Your adversary, the Devil, walks about like a roaring lion, seeking to devour someone.* <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>But take your stand against him, firm in the faith, knowing that the same kind of sufferings are being experienced by the entire association of your brothers* in the world.</p><p></p><p>Or “looking for someone to devour.”</p><p>Lit., “by your brotherhood.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
