<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, June 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Saturday, June 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class="themeScrp"><em>Into whatever city or village you enter, search out who in it is deserving, and stay there until you leave.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 10:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">Why is the disciple-making work so important? Because only disciples of Christ can be friends of God. In addition, those who follow Christ improve their lives now and have the hope of enjoying endless life in the future. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 14:6;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 17:3</a>) Certainly, Jesus has entrusted us with an important responsibility, but we do not do this work by ourselves. The apostle Paul wrote about himself and certain close associates: “We are God’s fellow workers.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 3:9</a>) What a privilege Jehovah and Christ have given to imperfect humans! Also, the disciple-making work can bring us much joy. We take the first step in making disciples when we “search out” those with the right heart condition. We prove that we truly are Jehovah’s Witnesses by witnessing to all whom we meet. We prove that we are genuine Christians by following Christ’s command to preach. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>15 ¶3-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 10:11)</strong></a> “Into whatever city or village you enter, search out who in it is deserving, and stay there until you leave.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 14:6)</strong></a> Jesus said to him: “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 17:3)</strong></a> This means everlasting life, their coming to know you, the only true God, and the one whom you sent, Jesus Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 3:9)</strong></a> For we are God’s fellow workers. You are God’s field under cultivation, God’s building.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
