<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, June 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Friday, June 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="themeScrp"><em>These are the ones who come out of the great tribulation, and they have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rev. 7:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">A prophetic description of life on earth is found at <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isaiah 65:21-23</a>. That life will not be a life of idleness. Rather, the Bible indicates that God’s people at that time will be doing useful, satisfying work. At the end of that period, we can be sure that “the creation itself will also be set free from enslavement to corruption and have the glorious freedom of the children of God.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 8:21</a>) Just as Jehovah arranged for the Israelites to balance work and rest, so it will be for his people in the coming Thousand Year Rule of Christ. There will certainly be time for spiritual activities. Worship of God is essential to happiness today, and it will be so in the new world. Yes, we have good reason to rejoice over the good work and spiritual activity that we can expect when believing mankind enjoys life during Christ’s Millennial Reign. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>12 ¶15;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation2"> 13 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:14)</strong></a> So right away I said to him: “My lord, you are the one who knows.” And he said to me: “These are the ones who come out of the great tribulation, and they have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 65:21-23)</strong></a> They will build houses and live in them, And they will plant vineyards and eat their fruitage. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>They will not build for someone else to inhabit, Nor will they plant for others to eat. For the days of my people will be like the days of a tree, And the work of their hands my chosen ones will enjoy to the full. <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>They will not toil* for nothing,* Nor will they bear children for distress, Because they are the offspring* made up of those blessed by Jehovah, And their descendants with them.</p><p></p><p>Or “work hard.”</p><p>Or “in vain.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:21)</strong></a> that* the creation itself will also be set free from enslavement to corruption and have the glorious freedom of the children of God.</p><p></p><p>Or “because.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
