<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, June 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Thursday, June 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="themeScrp"><em>He brings vengeance on those . . . who do not obey the good news about our Lord Jesus.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Thess. 1:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">“The good news about our Lord Jesus” includes all the truths that Jesus taught. We obey the good news when we apply it in our lives. That obedience includes keeping Kingdom interests in first place, living by God’s righteous standards, and announcing God’s Kingdom. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 6:33;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 24:14</a>) It also includes supporting Christ’s anointed brothers as they care for their weighty responsibilities. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 25:31-40</a>) Soon they will be able to return the kindness shown them by those of the “other sheep.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">John 10:16</a>) How so? Before the war of Armageddon begins, all of the 144,000 will have been raised to heaven as immortal spirits. They will then be part of the heavenly armies that will crush Gog and safeguard “a great crowd” of sheeplike ones. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Rev. 2:26, 27;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 7:9, 10</a>) Yes, what a privilege the great crowd will have had to support Jehovah’s anointed servants while these were still on earth! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>12-13 ¶16-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Thess. 1:8)</strong></a> in a flaming fire, as he brings vengeance on those who do not know God and those who do not obey the good news about our Lord Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:33)</strong></a> “Keep on, then, seeking first the Kingdom and his righteousness, and all these other things will be added to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:14)</strong></a> And this good news of the Kingdom will be preached in all the inhabited earth for a witness to all the nations, and then the end will come.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 25:31-40)</strong></a> “When the Son of man comes in his glory, and all the angels with him, then he will sit down on his glorious throne. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>All the nations will be gathered before him, and he will separate people one from another, just as a shepherd separates the sheep from the goats. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>And he will put the sheep on his right hand, but the goats on his left. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>“Then the King will say to those on his right: ‘Come, you who have been blessed by my Father, inherit the Kingdom prepared for you from the founding of the world. <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>For I became hungry and you gave me something to eat; I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink. I was a stranger and you received me hospitably; <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>naked and you clothed me. I fell sick and you looked after me. I was in prison and you visited me.’ <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>Then the righteous ones will answer him with the words: ‘Lord, when did we see you hungry and feed you, or thirsty and give you something to drink? <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>When did we see you a stranger and receive you hospitably, or naked and clothe you? <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>When did we see you sick or in prison and visit you?’ <strong><sup>40 </sup></strong>In reply the King will say to them, ‘Truly I say to you, to the extent that you did it to one of the least of these my brothers, you did it to me.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 10:16)</strong></a> “And I have other sheep, which are not of this fold; those too I must bring in, and they will listen to my voice, and they will become one flock, one shepherd.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rev. 2:26, 27)</strong></a> And to the one who conquers and observes my deeds down to the end, I will give authority over the nations, <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>and he will shepherd the people with an iron rod so that they will be broken to pieces like clay vessels, just as I have received from my Father.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:9, 10)</strong></a> After this I saw, and look! a great crowd, which no man was able to number, out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues,* standing before the throne and before the Lamb, dressed in white robes; and there were palm branches in their hands. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>And they keep shouting with a loud voice, saying: “Salvation we owe to our God, who is seated on the throne, and to the Lamb.”</p><p></p><p>Or “languages.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
