<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, June 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Tuesday, June 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="themeScrp"><em>Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jas. 4:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">Jehovah wants us to draw close to him and to communicate with him. He urges us to “persevere in prayer,” and he makes himself available at all times. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 12:12</a>) He is never too busy or too tired to listen to us. In turn, we listen to him by reading his Word, the Bible, along with publications that help us to understand it. We also listen to him by paying close attention at Christian meetings. Regular communication with Jehovah helps us remain close to him. Jehovah wants us to pour out our hearts to him in prayer. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 62:8</a>) We do well to ask ourselves this question: ‘Do my prayers tend to be like superficial, reprinted messages, or are they like heartfelt, handwritten letters?’ No doubt you love Jehovah deeply, and you want to keep your relationship with him strong. To do that, you must communicate with him regularly. Confide in him. Share your joys and your pains with him. Be confident that you can go to him for help. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>9 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jas. 4:8)</strong></a> Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners, and purify your hearts, you indecisive ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:12)</strong></a> Rejoice in the hope. Endure under tribulation. Persevere in prayer.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 62:8)</strong></a> Trust in him at all times, O people. Pour out your hearts before him. God is a refuge for us. (<em>Selah</em>)</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
