<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, June 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Wednesday, June 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="themeScrp"><em>God is not unrighteous so as to forget your work and the love you showed for his name.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 6:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">Thousands of Bethel family members and others have received new assignments. These faithful brothers and sisters may find it challenging to leave a cherished assignment. If you are one of them, what can help you to deal with the change? Remain close to Jehovah by reading the Scriptures daily and pondering on them. Also, continue to be fully involved in preaching the good news in your new congregation. Jehovah remembers those who continue to serve him faithfully, even if they cannot do all they did before. Keep your life simple. Do not let the anxieties of Satan’s world “choke” your spiritual activity. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 13:22</a>) Reject pressure from the world or from well-meaning friends or relatives to seek financial security in Satan’s system. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 John 2:15-17</a>) Trust in Jehovah, who promises to provide for all our spiritual, emotional, and material needs “at the right time.”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Heb. 4:16;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 13:5, 6</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>20 ¶4;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation2"> 21-22 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 6:10)</strong></a> For God is not unrighteous so as to forget your work and the love you showed for his name by ministering and continuing to minister to the holy ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 13:22)</strong></a> As for the one sown among the thorns, this is the one hearing the word, but the anxiety of this system of things and the deceptive power of riches* choke the word, and it* becomes unfruitful.</p><p></p><p>Or “the seductiveness (deceptive pleasure) of being wealthy.”</p><p>Or possibly, “he,” that is, “the one hearing the word.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 John 2:15-17)</strong></a> Do not love either the world or the things in the world. If anyone loves the world, the love of the Father is not in him; <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>because everything in the world—the desire of the flesh and the desire of the eyes and the showy display of one’s means of life*—does not originate with the Father, but originates with the world. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Furthermore, the world is passing away and so is its desire, but the one who does the will of God remains forever.</p><p></p><p>Or “the bragging about one’s possessions.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 4:16)</strong></a> Let us, then, approach the throne of undeserved kindness with freeness of speech, so that we may receive mercy and find undeserved kindness to help us at the right time.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:5, 6)</strong></a> Let your way of life be free of the love of money, while you are content with the present things. For he has said: “I will never leave you, and I will never abandon you.” <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>So that we may be of good courage and say: “Jehovah* is my helper; I will not be afraid. What can man do to me?”</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
