<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, June 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Friday, June 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class="themeScrp"><em>Pray constantly.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Thess. 5:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">Jesus prayed often throughout the last day of his life on earth. When he instituted the commemoration of his death, he prayed over the bread and the wine. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 11:23-25</a>) Before leaving the place where they had held the Passover, he prayed with the disciples. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted4.xhtml#citation3">John 17:1-26</a>) When he and the disciples arrived at the Mount of Olives that night, he prayed repeatedly. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 26:36-39,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 42,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 44</a>) And the very last words Jesus spoke before dying were uttered in prayer. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Luke 23:46</a>) Through prayer, Jesus included Jehovah in every major event on that momentous day. One reason why Jesus could endure his trial was that he turned to his Father in prayer. The apostles, on the other hand, failed to persevere in prayer that night. As a result, their courage weakened when the hour of test arrived. (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Matt. 26:40, 41,</a><span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9"> 43,</a><span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10"> 45,</a><span id="citationsource11"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation11"> 56</a>) When we face trials, we will remain faithful only if we follow Jesus’ example and “pray continually.” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>9 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:17)</strong></a> Pray constantly.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 11:23-25)</strong></a> For I received from the Lord what I also handed on to you, that the Lord Jesus on the night on which he was going to be betrayed took a loaf, <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>and after giving thanks, he broke it and said: “This means my body, which is in your behalf. Keep doing this in remembrance of me.” <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>He did the same with the cup also, after they had the evening meal, saying: “This cup means the new covenant by virtue of my blood. Keep doing this, whenever you drink it, in remembrance of me.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:36-39)</strong></a> Then Jesus came with them to the spot called Geth·semʹa·ne, and he said to the disciples: “Sit down here while I go over there and pray.” <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>And taking along Peter and the two sons of Zebʹe·dee, he began to feel grieved and to be greatly troubled. <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>Then he said to them: “I am deeply grieved, even to death. Stay here and keep on the watch with me.” <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>And going a little way forward, he fell facedown, praying: “My Father, if it is possible, let this cup pass away from me. Yet, not as I will, but as you will.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:42)</strong></a> Again, a second time, he went off and prayed: “My Father, if it is not possible for this to pass away unless I drink it, let your will take place.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:44)</strong></a> So leaving them, he again went off and prayed for a third time, saying once more the same thing.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Luke 23:46)</strong></a> And Jesus called out with a loud voice and said: “Father, into your hands I entrust my spirit.” After he said this, he expired.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:40, 41)</strong></a> He returned to the disciples and found them sleeping, and he said to Peter: “Could you not so much as keep on the watch for one hour with me? <strong><sup>41 </sup></strong>Keep on the watch and pray continually, so that you may not enter into temptation. The spirit, of course, is eager,* but the flesh is weak.”</p><p></p><p>Or “willing.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:43)</strong></a> And he came again and found them sleeping, for their eyes were heavy.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:45)</strong></a> Then he returned to the disciples and said to them: “At such a time as this, you are sleeping and resting! Look! The hour has drawn near for the Son of man to be betrayed into the hands of sinners.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation11"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource11">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:56)</strong></a> But all of this has taken place for the writings* of the prophets to be fulfilled.” Then all the disciples abandoned him and fled.</p><p></p><p>Or “scriptures.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
