<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, June 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Friday, June 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class="themeScrp"><em>You will be hated by all the nations on account of my name.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 24:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">When persecuted, pray to Jehovah, “pour out your heart like water,” and tell your loving Father about all your fears and anxieties. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Lam. 2:19</a>) The more you pray this way, the closer you will feel to Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 8:38, 39</a>) Be convinced that the blessings of God’s Kingdom will come true. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Num. 23:19</a>) If your faith in such promises is weak, it will be easier for Satan and his agents to terrify you. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Prov. 24:10;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Heb. 2:15</a>) Make it a study project to examine God’s promises about his Kingdom and the reasons why you can be certain that they will come true. How will that help? Consider the example of Stanley Jones, who was imprisoned for seven years because of his faith. What helped him to endure faithfully? He said: “Being fortified with a knowledge of God’s kingdom, being sure of it, never doubting it for a moment, I couldn’t be moved.” If you have strong faith in God’s promises, you will not give in to fear.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Prov. 3:25, 26</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>2 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation2"> 3 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:9)</strong></a> “Then people will hand you over to tribulation and will kill you, and you will be hated by all the nations on account of my name.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Lam. 2:19)</strong></a> Rise up! Cry out during the night, at the start of the watches. Pour out your heart like water before the face of Jehovah. Raise your hands to him for the lives* of your children, Who are fainting away at every street corner* because of famine.</p><p></p><p>Or “souls.”</p><p>Lit., “at the head of all streets.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:38, 39)</strong></a> For I am convinced that neither death nor life nor angels nor governments nor things now here nor things to come nor powers <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>nor height nor depth nor any other creation will be able to separate us from God’s love that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Num. 23:19)</strong></a> God is not a mere man who tells lies, Nor a son of man who changes his mind.* When he says something, will he not do it? When he speaks, will he not carry it out?</p><p></p><p>Or “who feels regret.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Prov. 24:10)</strong></a> If you become discouraged in the day of distress,* Your strength will be meager.</p><p></p><p>Or “in times of trouble.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Heb. 2:15)</strong></a> and that he might set free* all those who were held in slavery all their lives by their fear of death.</p><p></p><p>Or “emancipate.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Prov. 3:25, 26)</strong></a> You will not fear any sudden terror Nor the storm that is coming on the wicked. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>For Jehovah will prove to be your source of confidence; He will keep your foot from being caught.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
