<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, June 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Tuesday, June 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class="themeScrp"><em>I urge Euodia and I urge Syntyche to be of the same mind in the Lord.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 4:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">Like Euodia and Syntyche, we may face a major obstacle to cultivating a close bond of love with others​—the tendency to focus on imperfections. All of us make mistakes every day. If we stay focused on the imperfections of others, our love for them will cool. For example, if a brother forgets to help us clean the Kingdom Hall, we may become irritated. If we then begin to list all the other mistakes we know our brother has made, our irritation will grow and our love for him will diminish. If you find yourself in a similar situation, it would be good to reflect on this fact: Jehovah sees our imperfections as well as those of our brother. Yet, in spite of these imperfections, he still loves our brother and he still loves us. For that reason, we need to imitate Jehovah’s love and keep a positive view of our brothers. When we work hard to love our brothers, we strengthen our bond of unity with them.​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Phil. 2:1, 2</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>9-10 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:2)</strong></a> I urge Eu·oʹdi·a and I urge Synʹty·che to be of the same mind in the Lord.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:1, 2)</strong></a> If, then, there is any encouragement in Christ, if any consolation of love, if any spiritual fellowship,* if any tender affection and compassion, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>make my joy full by being of the same mind and having the same love, being completely united,* having the one thought in mind.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “any sharing of spirit.”</p><p>Or “being joined together in soul.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
