<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, June 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Monday, June 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>God . . . energizes you, giving you both the desire and the power to act.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 2:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">Jehovah can become whatever is necessary in order to accomplish his purpose. For instance, Jehovah has become a Teacher, a Comforter, and an Evangelizer, just to name a few of his many roles. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 48:17;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 2 Cor. 7:6;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Gal. 3:8</a>) Still, he often uses humans to carry out his purposes. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 24:14;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 28:19, 20;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 2 Cor. 1:3, 4</a>) Jehovah can also give any of us the wisdom and strength we need in order to become whatever is necessary to fulfill his will. This is all part of the meaning of Jehovah’s name, as it is suggested by a number of scholars. All of us want to be useful to Jehovah, but some may doubt that Jehovah is using them. Why? Because they feel limited by their age, circumstances, or abilities. On the other hand, others may be quite satisfied with what they are already doing and fail to see the need to make further progress. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>20 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:13)</strong></a> For God is the one who for the sake of his good pleasure energizes you, giving you both the desire and the power to act.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 48:17)</strong></a> This is what Jehovah says, your Repurchaser, the Holy One of Israel: “I, Jehovah, am your God, The One teaching you to benefit yourself,* The One guiding you in the way you should walk.</p><p></p><p>Or “for your own good.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 7:6)</strong></a> But God, who comforts those who are downhearted, comforted us by the presence of Titus;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gal. 3:8)</strong></a> Now the scripture, foreseeing that God would declare people of the nations righteous through faith, declared the good news beforehand to Abraham, namely: “By means of you all the nations will be blessed.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:14)</strong></a> And this good news of the Kingdom will be preached in all the inhabited earth for a witness to all the nations, and then the end will come.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19, 20)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit, <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you. And look! I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 1:3, 4)</strong></a> Praised be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of tender mercies and the God of all comfort, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>who comforts us in all our trials so that we may be able to comfort others in any sort of trial with the comfort that we receive from God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
