<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, June 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Friday, June 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class="themeScrp"><em>You will find refreshment.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 11:29</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">Why is it refreshing for us to do the work Jesus has given us? Because we have the best overseers. Jehovah, our Supreme Overseer, is not a thankless or harsh master. He appreciates the work we do. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 6:10</a>) And he gives us the power that we need to carry our load of responsibility. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Cor. 4:7;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Gal. 6:5</a>, ftn.) Jesus, our King, leads by example. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">John 13:15</a>) And the elders who shepherd us try to imitate Jesus, “the great shepherd.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Heb. 13:20;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 1 Pet. 5:2</a>) They strive to be kind, encouraging, and courageous as they feed and protect us. Also, we have the best companions. No other people have a sense of purpose or a bond of love like ours. Just think: We have the privilege of working with people who have the highest moral standards but who are not self-righteous. They consider others superior to them. They view us not only as fellow workers but also as friends. And that bond is so close that they are willing to give their lives for us! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>20 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation2"> 23 ¶12-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:29)</strong></a> Take my yoke upon you and learn from me,* for I am mild-tempered and lowly in heart, and you will find refreshment for yourselves.</p><p></p><p>Or “become my disciples (learners).”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 6:10)</strong></a> For God is not unrighteous so as to forget your work and the love you showed for his name by ministering and continuing to minister to the holy ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 4:7)</strong></a> However, we have this treasure in earthen vessels, so that the power beyond what is normal may be God’s and not from us.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:5)</strong></a> For each one will carry his own load.*</p><p></p><p>Or “load of responsibility.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 13:15)</strong></a> For I set the pattern for you, that just as I did to you, you should also do.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:20)</strong></a> Now may the God of peace, who brought up from the dead the great shepherd of the sheep, our Lord Jesus, with the blood of an everlasting covenant,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:2)</strong></a> Shepherd the flock of God under your care, serving as overseers,* not under compulsion, but willingly before God; not for love of dishonest gain, but eagerly;</p><p></p><p>Or “carefully watching over it.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
