<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, June 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Wednesday, June 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>Let your words always be gracious, seasoned with salt, so that you will know how you should answer each person.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 4:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">Soon, Jehovah will bring this system to an end. Only those who are “rightly disposed for everlasting life” will survive. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 13:48</a>) So it is natural that we would also want our relatives to serve Jehovah with us. Our loving Father, Jehovah, “does not desire anyone to be destroyed but desires all to attain to repentance.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Pet. 3:9</a>) We need to keep in mind that there is a right way and a wrong way to share the message of salvation. Although we may be tactful when witnessing to a stranger, we may be too blunt when talking with our relatives. Many of us may look back with regret on our initial attempt to witness to our relatives and wish we had dealt with them differently. It is good to remember the apostle Paul’s advice, mentioned in today’s text, when we approach our relatives. Otherwise, we might end up alienating them rather than persuading them. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>14-15 ¶3-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 4:6)</strong></a> Let your words always be gracious, seasoned with salt, so that you will know how you should answer each person.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 13:48)</strong></a> When those of the nations heard this, they began to rejoice and to glorify the word of Jehovah, and all those who were rightly disposed for everlasting life became believers.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 3:9)</strong></a> Jehovah* is not slow concerning his promise, as some people consider slowness, but he is patient with you because he does not desire anyone to be destroyed but desires all to attain to repentance.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
