<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, June 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Tuesday, June 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class="themeScrp"><em>The love of money is a root of all sorts of injurious things.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Tim. 6:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">Materialism can cause us to become distracted and neglect our shield of faith. The apostle Paul said: “No man serving as a soldier involves himself in the commercial businesses of life, in order to gain the approval of the one who enrolled him.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Tim. 2:4</a>) In fact, Roman soldiers were not allowed to get involved in any trade. Like good soldiers, we do not become distracted from our primary goal​—gaining the approval of our Commanders, Jehovah and Christ. We view that as being more valuable than gaining anything Satan’s world has to offer. We make sure that we have the time and energy we need to serve Jehovah and to keep our shield of faith and the rest of our spiritual armor in good condition. We must never let down our guard! Why? The apostle Paul warned that “those who are determined to be rich” will be “led astray from the faith.”​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Tim. 6:9, 10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>17 ¶12,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation2"> 14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 6:10)</strong></a> For the love of money is a root of all sorts of injurious things, and by reaching out for this love some have been led astray from the faith and have stabbed themselves all over with many pains.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 2:4)</strong></a> No man serving as a soldier involves himself* in the commercial businesses* of life, in order to gain the approval of the one who enrolled him as a soldier.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “gets entangled.”</p><p>Or possibly, “the everyday activities.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 6:9, 10)</strong></a> But those who are determined to be rich fall into temptation and a snare and many senseless and harmful desires that plunge men into destruction and ruin. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>For the love of money is a root of all sorts of injurious things, and by reaching out for this love some have been led astray from the faith and have stabbed themselves all over with many pains.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
