<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, June 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23">Tuesday, June 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class="themeScrp"><em>Stand firm against the crafty acts of the Devil.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 6:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">Satan deceived the Israelites into believing that to prosper, they had to adopt the practices of their pagan neighbors. Those neighbors believed that certain rituals were needed to get their gods to act and bring the needed rain. Those who lacked faith in Jehovah believed that this was the only way to avoid a prolonged drought, so they performed pagan rituals in honor of the false god Baal. Satan also appealed to immoral desires. The pagan nations worshipped their gods by engaging in grossly immoral acts. This perverted form of worship included both female and male temple prostitution. Homosexuality and other forms of sexual immorality not only were tolerated but became normal! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Deut. 23:17, 18;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 1 Ki. 14:24</a>) The pagans believed that these rituals encouraged their gods to make the land fertile. Many Israelites were attracted by the pagans’ sexually immoral rituals and allowed themselves to be lured into serving false gods. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>2 ¶3;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation2"> 4 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:11)</strong></a> Put on the complete suit of armor from God so that you may be able to stand firm against the crafty acts* of the Devil;</p><p></p><p>Or “the schemes.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Deut. 23:17, 18)</strong></a> “None of the daughters of Israel may become a temple prostitute, neither may anyone of the sons of Israel become a temple prostitute. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>You must not bring the price paid to a female prostitute or the price paid to* a male prostitute* into the house of Jehovah your God to fulfill a vow, for both of them are something detestable to Jehovah your God.</p><p></p><p>Or “the earnings of.”</p><p>Lit., “a dog.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 14:24)</strong></a> There were also male temple prostitutes in the land. They acted according to all the detestable things of the nations that Jehovah had driven out before the Israelites.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
