<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, July 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Monday, July 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class="themeScrp"><em>In everything you are being enriched for every sort of generosity, which produces through us an expression of thanks to God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Cor. 9:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Jehovah used Barzillai to provide for King David. David and the people were “hungry and tired and thirsty” while fleeing from David’s son, Absalom. Along with others, Barzillai, an old man at this point, risked his life to provide for David and those with him. Barzillai did not conclude that because of his advanced age, he was no longer useful to Jehovah. Rather, he generously used what he had to help God’s servants in need. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Sam. 17:27-29</a>) What is the lesson for us? Regardless of our age, Jehovah can use us to fill the needs of fellow believers, either locally or in another land, who lack basic provisions. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 3:27, 28;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 19:17</a>) Even if we cannot care for them directly, we may be able to contribute to the worldwide work so that funds are available to offer relief when and where it is needed.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Cor. 8:14, 15</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>21 ¶6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 9:11)</strong></a> In everything you are being enriched for every sort of generosity, which produces through us an expression of thanks to God;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 17:27-29)</strong></a> As soon as David came to Ma·ha·naʹim, Shoʹbi the son of Naʹhash from Rabʹbah of the Amʹmon·ites, Maʹchir the son of Amʹmi·el from Lo-deʹbar, and Bar·zilʹlai the Gilʹe·ad·ite from Ro·geʹlim <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>brought beds, basins, clay pots, wheat, barley, flour, roasted grain, broad beans, lentils, parched grain, <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>honey, butter, sheep, and cheese.* They brought all of this out for David and the people with him to eat, for they said: “The people are hungry and tired and thirsty in the wilderness.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “curds of cattle.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 3:27, 28)</strong></a> Do not withhold good from those to whom you should give it* If it is within your power* to help. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>Do not say to your neighbor, “Go away; come back later! I will give it to you tomorrow,” If you can give it now.</p><p></p><p>Or “to whom it is owing.”</p><p>Or “within the power of your hand.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 19:17)</strong></a> The one showing favor to the lowly is lending to Jehovah, And He will repay* him for what he does.</p><p></p><p>Or “reward.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 8:14, 15)</strong></a> but that by means of an equalizing, your surplus at the present time might offset their need, so that their surplus might also offset your deficiency, that there may be an equalizing. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Just as it is written: “The person with much did not have too much, and the person with little did not have too little.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
