<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, July 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Tuesday, July 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>You put to the test those who say they are apostles.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rev. 2:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">Anointed ones do not expect others to treat them in a special way. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Phil. 2:2, 3</a>) They know that when Jehovah anointed them, he did not let everyone else know about it. So an anointed person is not surprised if some do not believe right away that he has been anointed. He realizes that the Bible tells us not to be quick to believe someone who says that God has given him a special responsibility. Not wanting to draw attention to himself, an anointed Christian would not tell those whom he meets for the first time that he is anointed. And he would certainly not boast about it. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 4:7, 8</a>) Anointed Christians do not search out other anointed ones, hoping to discuss their anointing with them or to form private groups for Bible study. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gal. 1:15-17</a>) The congregation would not be united if anointed ones did so. They would be working against the holy spirit, which helps God’s people to have peace and unity.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Rom. 16:17, 18</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>28 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rev. 2:2)</strong></a> ‘I know your deeds, and your labor and endurance, and that you cannot tolerate bad men, and that you put to the test those who say they are apostles, but they are not, and you found them to be liars.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:2, 3)</strong></a> make my joy full by being of the same mind and having the same love, being completely united,* having the one thought in mind. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Do nothing out of contentiousness or out of egotism, but with humility* consider others superior to you,</p><p></p><p>Or “being joined together in soul.”</p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 4:7, 8)</strong></a> For who makes you different from another? Indeed, what do you have that you did not receive? If, in fact, you did receive it, why do you boast as though you did not receive it? <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Are you already satisfied? Are you already rich? Have you begun ruling as kings without us? I really wish that you had begun ruling as kings, so that we also might rule with you as kings.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gal. 1:15-17)</strong></a> But when God, who separated me from my mother’s womb and called me through his undeserved kindness, thought good <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>to reveal his Son through me so that I might declare the good news about him to the nations, I did not immediately consult with any human;* <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>nor did I go up to Jerusalem to those who were apostles before I was, but I went to Arabia, and then I returned to Damascus.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “with flesh and blood.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rom. 16:17, 18)</strong></a> Now I urge you, brothers, to keep your eye on those who create divisions and causes for stumbling contrary to the teaching that you have learned, and avoid them. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>For men of that sort are slaves, not of our Lord Christ, but of their own appetites, and by smooth talk and flattering speech they seduce the hearts of unsuspecting ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
