<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, July 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Saturday, July 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class="themeScrp"><em>Trembling at men is a snare, but the one trusting in Jehovah will be protected.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 29:25</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">We can build up our courage now by publicly preaching the good news of God’s Kingdom. Why so? Because preaching teaches us to trust in Jehovah and overcome any fear of man. Just as our muscles are strengthened when we exercise, our courage is strengthened when we preach from house to house, in public places, informally, and in business territory. If we develop the courage to preach now, we will be well-prepared to keep preaching even if our work is banned. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Thess. 2:1, 2</a>) We can learn much from the example of a faithful sister who displayed remarkable courage. Nancy Yuen stood no more than five feet (1.5 m) tall, but she was not easily intimidated. She refused to stop preaching the good news of God’s Kingdom. As a result, she was imprisoned for some 20 years in Communist China. The officials who interrogated her said that she was “the most stubborn person” in their country! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>5 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 29:25)</strong></a> Trembling at* men is* a snare, But the one trusting in Jehovah will be protected.</p><p></p><p>Or “Fear of.”</p><p>Or “lays.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 2:1, 2)</strong></a> You yourselves surely know, brothers, that our visit to you has not been without results. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>For although we had first suffered and been insolently treated in Phi·lipʹpi, as you know, we mustered up boldness* by means of our God to tell you the good news of God in the face of much opposition.*</p><p></p><p>Or “courage.”</p><p>Or possibly, “amid much struggling.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
