<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, July 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Thursday, July 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="themeScrp"><em>How many things you have done, O Jehovah my God, your wonderful works and your thoughts toward us.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 40:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">We do more than feel appreciative; we express our appreciation to Jehovah by our words and actions. This makes us stand out as different from many today. We live in a world where people do not appreciate all that God does for them. In fact, one indication that we are living in “the last days” is that people are unthankful. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Tim. 3:1, 2</a>) May we never adopt that attitude! Jehovah wants all his children to get along well with one another. In fact, the love we have for one another identifies us as being true Christians. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 13:35</a>) We agree with the psalmist who wrote: “How good and how pleasant it is for brothers to dwell together in unity!” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 133:1</a>) When we love our brothers and sisters, we prove to Jehovah that we love him. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 John 4:20</a>) How pleasant it is to be part of a family of brothers and sisters who are “kind to one another, tenderly compassionate”!​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Eph. 4:32</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>9 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 40:5)</strong></a> How many things you have done, O Jehovah my God, Your wonderful works and your thoughts toward us. None can compare to you; If I were to try to tell and speak of them, They would be too numerous to recount!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:1, 2)</strong></a> But know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, disloyal,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 13:35)</strong></a> By this all will know that you are my disciples—if you have love among yourselves.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 133:1)</strong></a> Look! How good and how pleasant it is For brothers to dwell together in unity!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 John 4:20)</strong></a> If anyone says, “I love God,” and yet is hating his brother, he is a liar. For the one who does not love his brother, whom he has seen, cannot love God, whom he has not seen.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:32)</strong></a> But become kind to one another, tenderly compassionate, freely forgiving one another just as God also by Christ freely forgave you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
