<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, July 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38">Tuesday, July 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class="themeScrp"><em>Make sure of the more important things.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 1:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">These important things include the sanctification of Jehovah’s name, the fulfillment of his purposes, and the peace and unity of the congregation. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 6:9, 10;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> John 13:35</a>) When we build our life around these important things, we prove that we love Jehovah. The apostle Paul also said that we must “be flawless.” This does not mean that we must be perfect. Jehovah will view us as flawless if we do our very best to deepen our love and make sure of the more important things. One way in which we show our love is by doing our utmost to avoid stumbling others. The instruction to avoid stumbling others is really a warning. How might we stumble someone? We could do so by our choice of entertainment, our choice of clothing, or even our choice of employment. What we do may not be wrong in itself. But if the choices we make offend someone else’s conscience and he or she is stumbled, that matters.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 18:6</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>10 ¶9-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 1:10)</strong></a> that you may make sure of the more important things, so that you may be flawless and not stumbling others up to the day of Christ;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:9, 10)</strong></a> “You must pray, then, this way: “‘Our Father in the heavens, let your name be sanctified. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Let your Kingdom come. Let your will take place, as in heaven, also on earth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 13:35)</strong></a> By this all will know that you are my disciples—if you have love among yourselves.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 18:6)</strong></a> But whoever stumbles one of these little ones who have faith in me, it would be better for him to have hung around his neck a millstone that is turned by a donkey and to be sunk in the open sea.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
