<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, July 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Sunday, July 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="themeScrp"><em>Children are an inheritance from Jehovah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 127:3</a></em><em>, ftn.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">Parents may at times feel overwhelmed by the challenges they face, but children are a gift from Jehovah. He is always available to help. He willingly listens to the prayers of parents. And he answers those prayers by means of the Bible, our publications, and the example and advice of other mature parents in the congregation. It has been said that raising children is a 20-year project, but parents never really stop being parents. Among the very best things they can give their children are love, time, and Bible-based training. Each child will respond differently to the training. However, many of them who have been raised by parents who love Jehovah feel as does Joanna Mae, a sister in Asia: “I am so thankful that my parents disciplined me and taught me to love Jehovah. They did not just give me life, they gave me a meaningful life.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 23:24, 25</a>) Millions of Christians could express similar sentiments. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>27 ¶21-22</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 127:3)</strong></a> Look! Sons* are an inheritance from Jehovah; The fruit of the womb is a reward.</p><p></p><p>Or “Children.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 23:24, 25)</strong></a> The father of a righteous one will surely be joyful; Whoever fathers a wise son will rejoice in him. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>Your father and your mother will rejoice, And she who gave birth to you will be joyful.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
