<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, July 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Friday, July 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>There is . . . a time to speak.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eccl. 3:1,</a></em><span id="citationsource2"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2"> 7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">Speech is a gift from Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ex. 4:10, 11;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Rev. 4:11</a>) In his Word, he helps us to understand how to use that gift properly. We should always be ready to speak about Jehovah and the Kingdom. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 24:14;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Rom. 10:14</a>) In so doing, we imitate Jesus. One of the main reasons why Jesus came to earth was to tell others the truth about his Father. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">John 18:37</a>) But we must remember that how we speak is also important. So when talking to others about Jehovah, we must do so with “a mild temper and deep respect,” and we should show consideration for the other person’s feelings and beliefs. (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">1 Pet. 3:15</a>) Then we will do more than just talk; we will teach and possibly reach the person’s heart. Elders should not hesitate to speak up if they see that a brother or a sister needs counsel. Of course, they would choose the right time to speak so that they do not needlessly embarrass the person. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.03 </em>18-19 ¶2-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eccl. 3:1)</strong></a> There is an appointed time for everything, A time for every activity under the heavens:</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eccl. 3:7)</strong></a> A time to rip apart and a time to sew together; A time to be silent and a time to speak;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ex. 4:10, 11)</strong></a> Moses now said to Jehovah: “Pardon me, Jehovah, but I have never been a fluent speaker, neither in the past nor since you have spoken to your servant, for I am slow of speech* and slow of tongue.” <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>Jehovah said to him: “Who made a mouth for man, or who makes them speechless, deaf, clear-sighted, or blind? Is it not I, Jehovah?</p><p></p><p>Lit., “heavy of mouth.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rev. 4:11)</strong></a> “You are worthy, Jehovah* our God, to receive the glory and the honor and the power, because you created all things, and because of your will they came into existence and were created.”</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:14)</strong></a> And this good news of the Kingdom will be preached in all the inhabited earth for a witness to all the nations, and then the end will come.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rom. 10:14)</strong></a> However, how will they call on him if they have not put faith in him? How, in turn, will they put faith in him about whom they have not heard? How, in turn, will they hear without someone to preach?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(John 18:37)</strong></a> So Pilate said to him: “Well, then, are you a king?” Jesus answered: “You yourself are saying that I am a king. For this I have been born, and for this I have come into the world, that I should bear witness to the truth. Everyone who is on the side of the truth listens to my voice.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:15)</strong></a> But sanctify the Christ as Lord in your hearts, always ready to make a defense before everyone who demands of you a reason for the hope you have, but doing so with a mild temper and deep respect.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
