<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, July 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Wednesday, July 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>These are the ones who come out of the great tribulation, and they have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rev. 7:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">Since 1935, Jehovah’s Witnesses have understood that the great crowd of John’s vision is made up of a group of faithful Christians who have the prospect of living forever on earth. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rev. 7:9, 10</a>) In order to survive the great tribulation, the great crowd would have to be educated in Jehovah’s ways before the Millennium begins. They would need to show strong faith in order to “succeed in escaping all these things that must occur” before Christ’s Thousand Year Reign. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 21:34-36</a>) Those of the great crowd rejoice in their hope. They understand that Jehovah determines where his faithful worshippers will serve him, whether in heaven or on earth. Both the anointed and the great crowd recognize that their reward is possible only because of Jehovah’s undeserved kindness as expressed through the ransom sacrifice of Jesus Christ.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rom. 3:24</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>28 ¶10;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation2"> 29 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:14)</strong></a> So right away I said to him: “My lord, you are the one who knows.” And he said to me: “These are the ones who come out of the great tribulation, and they have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:9, 10)</strong></a> After this I saw, and look! a great crowd, which no man was able to number, out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues,* standing before the throne and before the Lamb, dressed in white robes; and there were palm branches in their hands. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>And they keep shouting with a loud voice, saying: “Salvation we owe to our God, who is seated on the throne, and to the Lamb.”</p><p></p><p>Or “languages.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 21:34-36)</strong></a> “But pay attention to yourselves that your hearts never become weighed down with overeating and heavy drinking and anxieties of life,* and suddenly that day be instantly upon you <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>as a snare. For it will come upon all those dwelling on the face of the whole earth. <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>Keep awake, then, all the time making supplication that you may succeed in escaping all these things that must occur and in standing before the Son of man.”</p><p></p><p>Or “anxieties over livelihood; worries of daily life.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 3:24)</strong></a> and it is as a free gift that they are being declared righteous by his undeserved kindness through the release by the ransom paid by Christ Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
