<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, July 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Monday, July 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class="themeScrp"><em>Should they inquire of the dead in behalf of the living?​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 8:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">God’s Word is like a sharp sword that can cut through the lies that Satan promotes. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 6:17</a>) For example, God’s Word exposes the lie that the dead can communicate with the living. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 146:4</a>) It also reminds us that only Jehovah can reliably predict the future. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Isa. 45:21;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 46:10</a>) If we read God’s Word and meditate on it regularly, we will be equipped to reject and hate the lies that wicked spirits want us to believe. So refuse to do anything connected with spiritism. As true Christians, we never practice spiritism of any kind. For example, we do not visit spirit mediums or try to communicate with the dead in any other way. We avoid funeral customs that are based on the belief that the dead are still alive somewhere. And we do not use astrology or fortune-telling to try to learn about the future. We know that all such practices are very dangerous and that they could put us in direct contact with Satan and the demons. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>21-22 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 8:19)</strong></a> And if they say to you: “Inquire of the spirit mediums or of the fortune-tellers who chirp and mutter,” is it not of their God that a people should inquire? Should they inquire of the dead in behalf of the living?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:17)</strong></a> Also, accept the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the spirit, that is, God’s word,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 146:4)</strong></a> His spirit* goes out, he returns to the ground; On that very day his thoughts perish.</p><p></p><p>Or “breath.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 45:21)</strong></a> Make your report, present your case. Let them consult together in unity. Who foretold this long ago And declared it from times past? Is it not I, Jehovah? There is no other God but me; A righteous God and a Savior, there is none besides me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Isa. 46:10)</strong></a> From the beginning I foretell the outcome, And from long ago the things that have not yet been done. I say, ‘My decision* will stand, And I will do whatever I please.’</p><p></p><p>Or “purpose; counsel.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
