<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, July 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Friday, July 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="themeScrp"><em>A true friend shows love at all times and is a brother who is born for times of distress.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 17:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">Elijah served Jehovah during difficult times and faced serious challenges. When Jehovah told Elijah to delegate responsibility to Elisha, He provided Elijah with a much-needed companion, who no doubt helped him bear his emotional burdens. Likewise, when we confide in a trusted friend, he or she can help us carry our emotional burdens. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Ki. 2:2</a>) If you feel that you do not have anyone to confide in, pray to Jehovah to help you find a mature Christian who can provide you with emotional support. Jehovah helped Elijah to cope with stress and to serve faithfully for many years. Elijah’s experience gives us hope. We may go through periods of severe stress that drain us physically and emotionally. Yet, if we rely on Jehovah, he will give us the power we need to keep serving him.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 40:28, 29</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>15 ¶4;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation2"> 16 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 17:17)</strong></a> A true friend shows love at all times And is a brother who is born for times of distress.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Ki. 2:2)</strong></a> E·liʹjah said to E·liʹsha: “Stay here, please, because Jehovah has sent me on to Bethʹel.” But E·liʹsha said: “As surely as Jehovah is living and as you are* living, I will not leave you.” So they went down to Bethʹel.</p><p></p><p>Or “your soul is.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 40:28, 29)</strong></a> Do you not know? Have you not heard? Jehovah, the Creator of the ends of the earth, is a God for all eternity. He never tires out or grows weary. His understanding is unsearchable.* <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>He gives power to the tired one And full might to those lacking strength.*</p><p></p><p>Or “cannot be fathomed.”</p><p>Or “dynamic energy.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
