<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, July 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Thursday, July 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class="themeScrp"><em>Some have been led astray from the faith.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Tim. 6:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">The expression “led astray” indicates that we could become distracted by trying to acquire unnecessary possessions. We could then expose our heart to “many senseless and harmful desires.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Tim. 6:9</a>) Rather than allowing those desires into our heart, we must see them for what they are​—weapons that can harm us. Suppose we have the financial means to buy many material things. Are we doing something wrong if we purchase things that we want but do not actually need? Not necessarily. But reflect on these questions: Even if we can afford to buy something, do we really have the time and energy to use and maintain the item? Also, might we become overly attached to our possessions? Could our attachment to material things cause us to act like the young man who turned down Jesus’ invitation to expand his service to God? (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Mark 10:17-22</a>) How much better it is for us to lead a simple life and spend our precious time and strength in doing God’s will! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>17-18 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 6:10)</strong></a> For the love of money is a root of all sorts of injurious things, and by reaching out for this love some have been led astray from the faith and have stabbed themselves all over with many pains.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 6:9)</strong></a> But those who are determined to be rich fall into temptation and a snare and many senseless and harmful desires that plunge men into destruction and ruin.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Mark 10:17-22)</strong></a> As he was going on his way, a man ran up and fell on his knees before him and put the question to him: “Good Teacher, what must I do to inherit everlasting life?” <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>Jesus said to him: “Why do you call me good? Nobody is good except one, God. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>You know the commandments: ‘Do not murder, do not commit adultery, do not steal, do not bear false witness, do not defraud, honor your father and your mother.’” <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>The man said to him: “Teacher, all these things I have kept from my youth on.” <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>Jesus looked at him and felt love for him and said, “One thing is missing about you: Go, sell what things you have and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven; and come be my follower.” <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>But he grew sad at the answer and went away grieved, for he had many possessions.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
