<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, July 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Monday, July 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class="themeScrp"><em>Comfort others in any sort of trial with the comfort that we receive from God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Cor. 1:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">We do not have to look far to find brothers and sisters who need comfort. We need, though, to take the initiative to act despite our fears. For instance, we may fear not knowing what to say or what to do for someone who is in a distressing situation. Yet we can be effective comforters if we show that we care. As we get closer to the end of this system of things, world conditions will deteriorate and life will become more challenging. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Tim. 3:13</a>) And the problems that we bring on ourselves because of inherited sin and imperfection mean that we will continue to need comfort. The apostle Paul was able to endure faithfully to the end of his life, thanks, in part, to the comfort he received from fellow Christians. By following their example, we too can help our brothers and sisters to remain firm in the faith.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Thess. 3:2, 3</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>12-13 ¶17-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 1:4)</strong></a> who comforts us in all our trials so that we may be able to comfort others in any sort of trial with the comfort that we receive from God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:13)</strong></a> But wicked men and impostors will advance from bad to worse, misleading and being misled.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 3:2, 3)</strong></a> and we sent Timothy, our brother and God’s minister* in the good news about the Christ, to make you firm* and comfort you regarding your faith, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>so that no one might be shaken* by these tribulations. For you yourselves know that we cannot avoid suffering such things.*</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “and God’s fellow worker.”</p><p>Or “strengthen you.”</p><p>Lit., “swayed.”</p><p>Or “we are appointed to this.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
