<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, July 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Wednesday, July 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class="themeScrp"><em>As these things start to occur, stand up straight and lift up your heads, because your deliverance is getting near.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 21:28</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">At some point, the people whose religions were destroyed may resent the fact that Jehovah’s Witnesses keep practicing their religion. We can only imagine the uproar that this might create, including on social media. The nations and their ruler, Satan, will hate us for having the only surviving religion. They will not have attained their goal to eliminate all religion from the face of the earth. So we will become the center of their attention. At this point, the nations will take on the role of Gog of Magog. They will band together to make a vicious, all-out attack on Jehovah’s people. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ezek. 38:2,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 14-16</a>) It can be somewhat unsettling to think about those possibilities when we cannot be certain of the exact details. However, one thing is sure: We do not need to fear the great tribulation. Jehovah will give us lifesaving instructions.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 34:19</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>16-17 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 21:28)</strong></a> But as these things start to occur, stand up straight and lift up your heads, because your deliverance is getting near.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ezek. 38:2)</strong></a> “Son of man, set your face against Gog of the land of Maʹgog, the head chieftain* of Meʹshech and Tuʹbal, and prophesy against him.</p><p></p><p>Or “chief prince.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ezek. 38:14-16)</strong></a> “So prophesy, son of man, and say to Gog, ‘This is what the Sovereign Lord Jehovah says: “On that day when my people Israel are dwelling in security, will you not know it? <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>You will come from your place, from the remotest parts of the north, you and many peoples with you, all of them riding on horses, a great assembly, a vast army. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>Like clouds covering the land, you will come against my people Israel. In the final part of the days I will bring you against my land so that the nations may know me when I sanctify myself through you before their eyes, O Gog.”’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 34:19)</strong></a> Many are the hardships* of the righteous one, But Jehovah rescues him from them all.</p><p></p><p>Or “calamities.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
