<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, July 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Saturday, July 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="themeScrp"><em>My yoke is kindly, and my load is light.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 11:30</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">Satan loads people down with burdens they cannot carry. For example, he wants us to believe that Jehovah will not forgive us for our sins and that we are unlovable. What a crushing burden, and what a terrible lie! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 8:44</a>) When we “come to” Christ, our sins are forgiven. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 11:28</a>) And the truth is that Jehovah loves all of us deeply. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rom. 8:32,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 38, 39</a>) The load that Jesus asks us to carry is different from other loads that we must bear. For example, at the end of a day of secular work, many feel not only exhausted but also unfulfilled. By contrast, after spending time serving Jehovah and Christ, we feel a deep sense of satisfaction. We may be exhausted and have to push ourselves to attend a congregation meeting that night. But often we come home from that meeting refreshed and energized. The same is true when we make the effort to preach and to do our personal Bible study. The reward we receive is far greater than the energy we expend! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>20 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation2"> 23-24 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:30)</strong></a> For my yoke is kindly,* and my load is light.”</p><p></p><p>Or “easy to bear; pleasant.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 8:44)</strong></a> You are from your father the Devil, and you wish to do the desires of your father. That one was a murderer when he began, and he did not stand fast in the truth, because truth is not in him. When he speaks the lie, he speaks according to his own disposition, because he is a liar and the father of the lie.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:28)</strong></a> Come to me, all you who are toiling* and loaded down, and I will refresh you.</p><p></p><p>Or “struggling hard.” Or possibly, “weary; tired.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:32)</strong></a> Since he did not even spare his own Son but handed him over for us all, will he not also, along with him, kindly give us all other things?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:38, 39)</strong></a> For I am convinced that neither death nor life nor angels nor governments nor things now here nor things to come nor powers <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>nor height nor depth nor any other creation will be able to separate us from God’s love that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
