<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, July 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Tuesday, July 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>God, in keeping with the desires of their hearts, gave them up to uncleanness.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 1:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">People who adopt the wisdom of this world ridicule the Bible’s moral standards, claiming that they are unrealistic. Such people might ask, ‘Why would God create us with sexual desires and then tell us not to act on them?’ That question is founded on the flawed belief that humans must act on every urge they feel. But the Bible states otherwise. It dignifies us by teaching that we can choose to control improper impulses. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Col. 3:5</a>) In addition, Jehovah has provided the gift of marriage, an arrangement in which proper sexual desires can be honorably satisfied. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 7:8, 9</a>) In contrast with the wisdom of this world, the Bible promotes a healthy view of sexuality. It acknowledges that sex can be a source of pleasure. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Prov. 5:18, 19</a>) However, the Bible says: “Each one of you should know how to control his own body in holiness and honor, not with greedy, uncontrolled sexual passion.”​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Thess. 4:4, 5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>22-23 ¶7-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:24)</strong></a> Therefore, God, in keeping with the desires of their hearts, gave them up to uncleanness, so that their bodies might be dishonored among them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Col. 3:5)</strong></a> Deaden, therefore, your body members that are on the earth as respects sexual immorality,* uncleanness, uncontrolled sexual passion, hurtful desire, and greediness, which is idolatry.</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>por·neiʹa. </em>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:8, 9)</strong></a> Now I say to those who are unmarried and to the widows that it is better for them if they remain as I am. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>But if they do not have self-control, let them marry, for it is better to marry than to be inflamed with passion.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 5:18, 19)</strong></a> May your own fountain* be blessed, And may you rejoice with the wife of your youth, <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>A loving doe, a graceful mountain goat.* Let her breasts satisfy* you at all times. May you be captivated by her love constantly.</p><p></p><p>Or “water source.”</p><p>Or “ibex.”</p><p>Or “intoxicate.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 4:4, 5)</strong></a> Each one of you should know how to control his own body* in holiness and honor, <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>not with greedy, uncontrolled sexual passion like the nations have that do not know God.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “vessel.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
