<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, July 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Thursday, July 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class="themeScrp"><em>The joy of Jehovah is your strength.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Neh. 8:10</a></em><em>, ftn.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">Do you have a new assignment? Make it a success. Do not consider a change to be a failure or a step backward. Look for Jehovah’s hand in your life and keep preaching. Imitate the faithful Christians of the first century. Wherever they were, they “went through the land declaring the good news of the word.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 8:1,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 4</a>) Your efforts to keep on preaching may yield good results. For example, pioneers who were expelled from one country moved to a neighboring land where there also was a great need in their language. Within months, new rapidly growing groups were formed. We must find our joy primarily in Jehovah. Therefore, keep walking with Jehovah, looking to him for wisdom, guidance, and support. Remember that you came to love your former assignment because you put your heart into helping the people there. Put your heart into your present assignment and see how Jehovah helps you to love it too.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Eccl. 7:10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>24-25 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Neh. 8:10)</strong></a> He said to them: “Go, eat the choice things* and drink what is sweet, and send portions of food to those who have nothing prepared; for this day is holy to our Lord, and do not feel sad, for the joy of Jehovah is your stronghold.”*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “fatty things.”</p><p>Or “strength.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 8:1)</strong></a> Saul, for his part, approved of his murder. On that day great persecution arose against the congregation that was in Jerusalem; all except the apostles were scattered throughout the regions of Ju·deʹa and Sa·marʹi·a.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 8:4)</strong></a> However, those who had been scattered went through the land declaring the good news of the word.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Eccl. 7:10)</strong></a> Do not say, “Why were the former days better than these?” for it is not out of wisdom that you ask this.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
