<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, July 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Tuesday, July 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>There are companions ready to crush one another, but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 18:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">We may find it difficult to open up to others because someone might have hurt us in the past. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 18:19</a>) Or we may feel that we lack the time and energy to cultivate close relationships. However, we should not give up. If we want our brothers to stand by us when trials come, we must learn to trust them now with our thoughts and feelings. That is an important step toward becoming true friends. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Pet. 1:22</a>) Jesus showed that he trusted his friends by communicating openly with them. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">John 15:15</a>) We can imitate him by sharing our joys, concerns, and disappointments with others. Listen carefully as someone talks to you, and you may learn that you have many thoughts, feelings, and goals in common. If you take the initiative to have warm and open conversations with others, your friendships with them are likely to grow.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Prov. 27:9</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>4 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 18:24)</strong></a> There are companions ready to crush one another, But there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 18:19)</strong></a> A brother offended is more unyielding than a fortified city, And there are disputes like the bars of a fortress.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 1:22)</strong></a> Now that you have purified yourselves* by your obedience to the truth with unhypocritical brotherly affection as the result, love one another intensely from the heart.</p><p></p><p>Or “your souls.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 15:15)</strong></a> I no longer call you slaves, because a slave does not know what his master does. But I have called you friends, because I have made known to you all the things I have heard from my Father.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Prov. 27:9)</strong></a> Oil and incense make the heart rejoice; So does sweet friendship springing from sincere counsel.*</p><p></p><p>Or “from counsel of the soul.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
