<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, August 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Friday, August 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>Besides those things of an external kind, there is . . . the anxiety for all the congregations.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Cor. 11:28</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">The apostle Paul had many reasons for feeling anxious. The problems his brothers and sisters faced weighed heavily on his mind. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 2:4</a>) Opposers beat him and threw him in prison. He also had to endure hardships that caused anxiety, such as being “low on provisions.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Phil. 4:12</a>) And considering that he had been shipwrecked at least three times at that point in his life, we can only imagine the anxiety he experienced when traveling by boat. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Cor. 11:23-27</a>) How did Paul deal with the anxiety? Paul felt anxious for his brothers and sisters when they faced challenges, but he did not try to fix all their problems by himself. Paul was modest. He arranged for others to help in caring for the congregation, trustworthy men such as Timothy and Titus. The work those brothers did no doubt helped to reduce Paul’s anxiety.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Phil. 2:19, 20;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Titus 1:1,</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 4, 5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>23 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 11:28)</strong></a> Besides those things of an external kind, there is what rushes in on me from day to day:* the anxiety for all the congregations.</p><p></p><p>Or “the daily pressure on me.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 2:4)</strong></a> For out of much tribulation and anguish of heart I wrote you with many tears, not to sadden you, but to let you know the depth of love I have for you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:12)</strong></a> I know how to be low on provisions and how to have an abundance. In everything and in all circumstances I have learned the secret of both how to be full and how to hunger, both how to have an abundance and how to do without.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 11:23-27)</strong></a> Are they ministers of Christ? I reply like a madman, I am more outstandingly one: I have done more work, been imprisoned more often, suffered countless beatings, and experienced many near-deaths. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>Five times I received 40 strokes less one from the Jews, <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>three times I was beaten with rods, once I was stoned, three times I experienced shipwreck, a night and a day I have spent in the open sea; <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>in journeys often, in dangers from rivers, in dangers from robbers, in dangers from my own people, in dangers from the nations, in dangers in the city, in dangers in the wilderness, in dangers at sea, in dangers among false brothers, <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>in labor and toil, in sleepless nights often, in hunger and thirst, frequently without food, in cold and lacking clothing.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:19, 20)</strong></a> Now I am hoping in the Lord Jesus to send Timothy to you shortly, so that I may be encouraged when I receive news about you. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>For I have no one else of a disposition like his who will genuinely care for your concerns.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Titus 1:1)</strong></a> Paul, a slave of God and an apostle of Jesus Christ according to the faith of God’s chosen ones and the accurate knowledge of the truth that is according to godly devotion</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Titus 1:4, 5)</strong></a> to Titus, a genuine child according to the faith we share: May you have undeserved kindness and peace from God the Father and Christ Jesus our Savior. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>I left you in Crete so that you would correct the things that were defective* and make appointments of elders in city after city, as I instructed you:</p><p></p><p>Or “deficient.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
