<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, August 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38">Friday, August 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class="themeScrp"><em>I am the least of the apostles, and I am not worthy of being called an apostle, because I persecuted the congregation of God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 15:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">People who appear confident or forthright are not necessarily proud. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 1:46, 47</a>) Yet, whether we are outgoing or not, all of us must work at developing a humble heart condition. Consider the example of the apostle Paul. He was used mightily by Jehovah to establish new congregations in one city after another. He may even have accomplished more in the ministry than any other apostle of Jesus Christ. Yet, Paul did not elevate himself among his brothers. He correctly attributed his fine standing with Jehovah, not to his own qualities or works, but to God’s undeserved kindness. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 15:10</a>) What a fine lesson in humility Paul gave in his letter to the Corinthians​—especially when we recall that some men in the congregation were seeking to prove themselves to be superior to Paul!​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Cor. 10:10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>3 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:9)</strong></a> For I am the least of the apostles, and I am not worthy of being called an apostle, because I persecuted the congregation of God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 1:46, 47)</strong></a> But Na·thanʹa·el said to him: “Can anything good come out of Nazʹa·reth?” Philip said to him: “Come and see.” <strong><sup>47 </sup></strong>Jesus saw Na·thanʹa·el coming toward him and said about him: “See, truly an Israelite in whom there is no deceit.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:10)</strong></a> But by God’s undeserved kindness I am what I am. And his undeserved kindness to me was not in vain, but I labored more than all of them; yet it was not I, but the undeserved kindness of God that is with me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 10:10)</strong></a> For they say: “His letters are weighty and forceful, but his presence in person is weak and his speech contemptible.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
