<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, August 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Sunday, August 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class="themeScrp"><em>Go, sell what things you have and give to the poor, . . . and come be my follower.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Mark 10:21</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">We must be realistic. Each of us has a certain amount of energy. So we must be careful about what we take on. For example, we could waste energy trying to gather material possessions. Note what Jesus said to a rich young man who asked him: “What must I do to inherit everlasting life?” He must have been a decent man because Mark’s Gospel account specifically states that Jesus “felt love for him.” Jesus presented the young ruler with the invitation above. The man was torn, but it appears that he could not let go of his “many possessions.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Mark 10:17-22</a>) As a result, he rejected the yoke that Jesus had offered him and continued to slave “for Riches.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 6:24</a>) What choice would you have made? From time to time, it is good for us to reassess our priorities in life. Why? So that we can make sure that we are using our energy wisely. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>24 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Mark 10:21)</strong></a> Jesus looked at him and felt love for him and said, “One thing is missing about you: Go, sell what things you have and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven; and come be my follower.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Mark 10:17-22)</strong></a> As he was going on his way, a man ran up and fell on his knees before him and put the question to him: “Good Teacher, what must I do to inherit everlasting life?” <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>Jesus said to him: “Why do you call me good? Nobody is good except one, God. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>You know the commandments: ‘Do not murder, do not commit adultery, do not steal, do not bear false witness, do not defraud, honor your father and your mother.’” <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>The man said to him: “Teacher, all these things I have kept from my youth on.” <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>Jesus looked at him and felt love for him and said, “One thing is missing about you: Go, sell what things you have and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven; and come be my follower.” <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>But he grew sad at the answer and went away grieved, for he had many possessions.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:24)</strong></a> “No one can slave for two masters; for either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will stick to the one and despise the other. You cannot slave for God and for Riches.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
