<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, August 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Tuesday, August 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class="themeScrp"><em>Whoever approaches God must believe that he is.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 11:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">When we conduct Bible studies with people from nonreligious backgrounds, we must continually build up their belief in the existence of God. And we need to help them to build faith in the Bible. This might require that we repeat some points a number of times. During each study session, we may need to discuss evidence that the Bible is God’s Word by pointing to fulfilled prophecies, scientific and historical accuracy, or practical wisdom. We help people to become disciples of Christ by displaying love for them, whether they are religious or not. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 13:1</a>) As we teach them, our goal is to show that God loves us and wants us to love him. Every year thousands who previously had little or no interest in religion get baptized because they have grown to love God. So be positive, and take a loving interest in all sorts of people. Listen to them. Try to understand them. By your example, teach them to be disciples of Christ. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>24 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 11:6)</strong></a> Moreover, without faith it is impossible to please God well, for whoever approaches God must believe that he is* and that he becomes the rewarder of those earnestly seeking him.</p><p></p><p>Or “exists.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 13:1)</strong></a> If I speak in the tongues of men and of angels but do not have love, I have become a clanging gong or a clashing cymbal.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
