<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, August 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Wednesday, August 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class="themeScrp"><em>God . . . energizes you, giving you both the desire and the power to act.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 2:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">Jehovah can give us the desire to act. Perhaps we learn of a particular need inside or outside our congregation. In response, we might ask ourselves, ‘How can I help to fill this need?’ Or maybe we have been invited to accept a challenging assignment, but we wonder if we can do it justice. Or after reading a portion of God’s Word, we may wonder, ‘How can I apply this Bible passage to help others?’ When Jehovah sees that we are willing to examine ourselves, he can give us the desire to follow through and act. Jehovah can also give us the power to act. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 40:29</a>) He can enhance our natural abilities with his holy spirit. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ex. 35:30-35</a>) Through his organization, Jehovah may teach us how to perform certain tasks. If you are ever unsure about how to carry out an assignment, ask for help. Also, feel free to ask our generous heavenly Father for “power beyond what is normal.”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Cor. 4:7;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Luke 11:13</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>21 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:13)</strong></a> For God is the one who for the sake of his good pleasure energizes you, giving you both the desire and the power to act.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 40:29)</strong></a> He gives power to the tired one And full might to those lacking strength.*</p><p></p><p>Or “dynamic energy.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ex. 35:30-35)</strong></a> Then Moses said to the Israelites: “See, Jehovah has chosen Bezʹal·el the son of Uʹri the son of Hur of the tribe of Judah. <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>He has filled him with the spirit of God, giving him wisdom, understanding, and knowledge of every sort of craftsmanship <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>for making artistic designs, for working with gold, silver, and copper, <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>for cutting and setting stones, and for making all kinds of artistic wood products. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>And he has put it into his heart to teach, he and O·hoʹli·ab the son of A·hisʹa·mach of the tribe of Dan. <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>He has filled them with skill* to do all the work of a craftsman, an embroiderer, and a weaver using blue thread, purple wool, scarlet material, and fine linen, and of a loom worker. These men will do every sort of work and prepare every sort of design.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “wisdom of heart.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 4:7)</strong></a> However, we have this treasure in earthen vessels, so that the power beyond what is normal may be God’s and not from us.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Luke 11:13)</strong></a> Therefore, if you, although being wicked, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more so will the Father in heaven give holy spirit to those asking him!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
