<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, August 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Monday, August 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="themeScrp"><em>Happy are you whenever men hate you, and when they exclude you and reproach you and denounce your name as wicked for the sake of the Son of man.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 6:22</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">What did Jesus mean? Jesus was not saying that Christians would enjoy being hated. Instead, he was being realistic. We are no part of the world. We live according to Jesus’ teachings and preach the message that he preached. As a result, the world hates us. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 15:18-21</a>) We want to please Jehovah. If men hate us because we love our Father, that is their problem. We must not make the mistake of measuring our worth by how popular we are. We do not know when a wave of persecution or even an outright ban will affect our worship of Jehovah. However, we do know that we can prepare now by strengthening our relationship with Jehovah, by building up our courage, and by learning to cope with hatred from men. The preparations that we make now will help us stand firm in the future. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>6 ¶17-18;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation2"> 7 ¶21</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 6:22)</strong></a> “Happy are you whenever men hate you, and when they exclude you and reproach* you and denounce* your name as wicked for the sake of the Son of man.</p><p></p><p>Or “insult.”</p><p>Or “cast out.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 15:18-21)</strong></a> If the world hates you, you know that it has hated me before it hated you. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>If you were part of the world, the world would be fond of what is its own. Now because you are no part of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, for this reason the world hates you. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>Keep in mind the word I said to you: A slave is not greater than his master. If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you; if they have observed my word, they will also observe yours. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>But they will do all these things against you on account of my name, because they do not know the One who sent me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
