<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, August 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Wednesday, August 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class="themeScrp"><em>Do not forget to do good and to share what you have with others, for God is well-pleased with such sacrifices.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 13:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">The daughters of Shallum were among those whom Jehovah used to share in repairing the walls of Jerusalem. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Neh. 2:20;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 3:12</a>) Although their father was a prince, Shallum’s daughters were willing to do that difficult and dangerous work. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Neh. 4:15-18</a>) In our day, willing sisters are happy to help perform a special form of sacred service​—the construction and maintenance of buildings that are dedicated to Jehovah. Their skill, enthusiasm, and loyalty are vital to the success of this work. Jehovah motivated Tabitha to abound in “good deeds and gifts of mercy,” particularly in behalf of widows. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Acts 9:36</a>) Because of her outstanding generosity and kindness, many mourned when she died. But they were overjoyed when the apostle Peter resurrected her. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Acts 9:39-41</a>) What do we learn from Tabitha? Whether young or old, male or female, we can all do practical things to help our brothers and sisters. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>23 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:16)</strong></a> Moreover, do not forget to do good and to share what you have with others, for God is well-pleased with such sacrifices.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Neh. 2:20)</strong></a> However, I replied: “The God of the heavens is the One who will grant us success, and we his servants will get up and build; but you have neither share nor claim nor memorial* in Jerusalem.”</p><p></p><p>Or “entitlement.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Neh. 3:12)</strong></a> And next to them Shalʹlum the son of Hal·loʹhesh, a prince of half the district of Jerusalem, did repair work, along with his daughters.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Neh. 4:15-18)</strong></a> Now after our enemies heard that what they were doing had become known to us and that the true God had frustrated their plan, we all went back to work on the wall. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>From that day forward, half of my men would do the work and half of them would hold the lances, the shields, the bows, and the coats of mail. And the princes stood behind the whole house of Judah <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>who were building the wall. Those who were carrying the loads did the work with one hand while holding a weapon* in the other hand. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>And each of the builders had a sword strapped to his hip while building, and the one to blow the horn stood beside me.</p><p></p><p>Or “missile.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 9:36)</strong></a> Now there was in Jopʹpa a disciple named Tabʹi·tha, which means, when translated, “Dorʹcas.” She abounded in good deeds and gifts of mercy that she was making.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Acts 9:39-41)</strong></a> At that Peter got up and went with them. And when he arrived, they led him up into the upper room; and all the widows presented themselves to him, weeping and showing many garments and robes that Dorʹcas had made while she was with them. <strong><sup>40 </sup></strong>Peter then put everyone outside, and kneeling down, he prayed. Then turning toward the body, he said: “Tabʹi·tha, rise!” She opened her eyes, and as she caught sight of Peter, she sat up. <strong><sup>41 </sup></strong>Giving her his hand, he raised her up, and he called the holy ones and the widows and presented her alive.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
