<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, August 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Thursday, August 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class="themeScrp"><em>Whoever exalts himself will be humbled, and whoever humbles himself will be exalted.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 23:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">How should we treat anointed brothers and sisters? It would be wrong to admire a person too much, even if he is an anointed brother of Christ. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 23:8-11</a>) When the Bible speaks of the elders, it encourages us to “imitate their faith,” but it does not tell us that we can make any human our leader. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Heb. 13:7</a>) It is true that the Bible says that some are “worthy of double honor.” But this is because they “preside in a fine way” and “work hard in speaking and teaching,” not because they are anointed. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Tim. 5:17</a>) If we give anointed ones too much praise and attention, we could embarrass them. Or even worse, we could cause them to become proud. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Rom. 12:3</a>) None of us would want to do anything that might cause one of Christ’s anointed brothers to make such a serious mistake!​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Luke 17:2</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>29 ¶8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 23:12)</strong></a> Whoever exalts himself will be humbled, and whoever humbles himself will be exalted.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 23:8-11)</strong></a> But you, do not you be called Rabbi, for one is your Teacher, and all of you are brothers. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Moreover, do not call anyone your father on earth, for one is your Father, the heavenly One. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Neither be called leaders, for your Leader is one, the Christ. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>But the greatest one among you must be your minister.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:7)</strong></a> Remember those who are taking the lead among you, who have spoken the word of God to you, and as you contemplate how their conduct turns out, imitate their faith.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 5:17)</strong></a> Let the elders who preside in a fine way be considered worthy of double honor, especially those who work hard in speaking and teaching.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:3)</strong></a> For through the undeserved kindness given to me, I tell everyone there among you not to think more of himself than it is necessary to think, but to think so as to have a sound mind, each one as God has given* to him a measure of faith.</p><p></p><p>Or “apportioned; distributed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Luke 17:2)</strong></a> It would be more advantageous for him if a millstone were hung from his neck and he were thrown into the sea than for him to stumble one of these little ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
