<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, August 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Monday, August 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>Quite a number of those who practiced magical arts brought their books together and burned them up before everybody.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 19:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">These individuals were serious about resisting wicked spirits. Their books about magic cost a lot of money. But instead of giving those books away or selling them to others, they destroyed them. They were more concerned about pleasing Jehovah than about how much money the books were worth. How can we imitate the example of those first-century Christians? It would be wise to get rid of anything we may have that is connected with the occult. This includes amulets, charms, or other objects that people wear or own to try to protect themselves from wicked spirits. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 10:21</a>) Examine your entertainment carefully. Ask yourself, ‘Does any of my entertainment involve spiritism?’ Be determined to make choices that will help you stay far away from anything Jehovah hates. We want to do our best to “maintain a clear conscience” before our God.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 24:16</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>22-23 ¶10-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 19:19)</strong></a> Indeed, quite a number of those who practiced magical arts brought their books together and burned them up before everybody. And they calculated their value and found them worth 50,000 pieces of silver.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 10:21)</strong></a> You cannot be drinking the cup of Jehovah and the cup of demons; you cannot be partaking of “the table of Jehovah” and the table of demons.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 24:16)</strong></a> Because of this I always strive to maintain a clear* conscience before God and men.</p><p></p><p>Or “blameless.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
