<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, August 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Monday, August 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp"><em>He is going ahead of you into Galilee. You will see him there.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 28:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">Most of Jesus’ disciples were Galileans. So a mountain in Galilee​—rather than a private home in Jerusalem—​would be a reasonable place to gather with a large number of people. Also, the resurrected Jesus had already met with his 11 apostles in a private home in Jerusalem. If Jesus wanted to instruct only the apostles to preach and make disciples, he could have done that in Jerusalem instead of asking them and the women and others to meet him in Galilee. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 24:33,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 36</a>) Jesus’ command to make disciples was not limited to Christians living in the first century. How do we know? Jesus concluded his instructions to his followers with the words: “I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 28:19, 20</a>) Today the disciple-making work is in full swing. Think of it! Nearly 300,000 people each year get baptized as Jehovah’s Witnesses and become disciples of Jesus Christ! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>2 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation2"> 3 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:7)</strong></a> Then go quickly and tell his disciples that he was raised up from the dead, for look! he is going ahead of you into Galʹi·lee. You will see him there. Look! I have told you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 24:33)</strong></a> And they got up in that very hour and returned to Jerusalem, and they found the Eleven and those assembled together with them,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 24:36)</strong></a> While they were speaking of these things, he himself stood in their midst and said to them: “May you have peace.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19, 20)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit, <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you. And look! I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
