<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, August 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Sunday, August 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="themeScrp"><em>Let your servant girl speak to you, and listen to the words of your servant girl.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Sam. 25:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">Like Abigail, we need to have the courage to speak up if we see someone heading down a dangerous path. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 141:5</a>) We must be respectful, but we must also be bold. When we lovingly offer a person necessary counsel, we prove that we are a true friend. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 27:17</a>) Elders in particular must have the courage to speak to those in the congregation who take a false step. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gal. 6:1</a>) Elders humbly realize that they too are imperfect and may one day need counsel. But elders do not let that hold them back from reproving those who need discipline. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Tim. 4:2;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Titus 1:9</a>) When counseling a person, they try to use their gift of speech to teach him skillfully and patiently. They love their brother, and that love moves them to action. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Prov. 13:24</a>) But their primary concern is to honor Jehovah by upholding his standards and protecting the congregation from harm.​—<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Acts 20:28</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.03 </em>20 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 25:24)</strong></a> She then fell at his feet and said: “My lord, let the blame be on me; let your servant girl speak to you, and listen to the words of your servant girl.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 141:5)</strong></a> Should the righteous one strike me, it would be an act of loyal love; Should he reprove me, it would be like oil on my head, Which my head would never refuse. My prayer will continue even during their calamities.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 27:17)</strong></a> As iron sharpens iron, So one man sharpens his friend.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the face of his friend.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:1)</strong></a> Brothers, even if a man takes a false step before he is aware of it, you who have spiritual qualifications try to readjust such a man in a spirit of mildness. But keep an eye on yourself, for fear you too may be tempted.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 4:2)</strong></a> Preach the word; be at it urgently in favorable times and difficult times; reprove, reprimand, exhort, with all patience and art of teaching.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Titus 1:9)</strong></a> holding firmly to the faithful word* as respects his art of teaching, so that he may be able both to encourage* by the teaching that is wholesome* and to reprove those who contradict.</p><p></p><p>Or “the trustworthy message.”</p><p>Or “exhort.”</p><p>Or “healthful; beneficial.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Prov. 13:24)</strong></a> Whoever holds back his rod* hates his son, But the one who loves him disciplines him diligently.*</p><p></p><p>Or “discipline; punishment.”</p><p>Or possibly, “promptly.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Acts 20:28)</strong></a> Pay attention to yourselves and to all the flock, among which the holy spirit has appointed you overseers, to shepherd the congregation of God, which he purchased with the blood of his own Son.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
