<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, August 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89">Monday, August 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class="themeScrp"><em>For all things I have the strength through the one who gives me power.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 4:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">Jehovah caused Moses to become a deliverer of the Israelites. But when did Jehovah use him? Was it when Moses felt qualified after being “instructed in all the wisdom of the Egyptians”? (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 7:22-25</a>) No, Jehovah used Moses only after He had shaped him into a humble, mild-tempered man. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 7:30,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 34-36</a>) Jehovah gave Moses the courage to stand before the most powerful ruler in Egypt. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ex. 9:13-19</a>) From this we see that Jehovah uses those who display godly qualities and who rely on him for strength. Throughout history, Jehovah has caused his servants to fulfill many different roles. What will he cause you to become? Much depends on how willing you are to exert yourself. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Col. 1:29</a>) If you make yourself available, Jehovah can cause you to become a zealous evangelizer, an effective teacher, a capable comforter, a skilled worker, a supportive friend, or whatever else he needs to accomplish his will. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>21 ¶5;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation2"> 25 ¶14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:13)</strong></a> For all things I have the strength through the one who gives me power.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 7:22-25)</strong></a> So Moses was instructed in all the wisdom of the Egyptians. In fact, he was powerful in his words and deeds. <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>“Now when he reached the age of 40, it came into his heart to make a visit on* his brothers, the sons of Israel. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>When he caught sight of one of them being unjustly treated, he defended him and avenged the one being abused by striking down the Egyptian. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>He thought that his brothers would grasp that God was giving them salvation by his hand, but they did not grasp it.</p><p></p><p>Or “to check the conditions of.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 7:30)</strong></a> “After 40 years had passed, an angel appeared to him in the wilderness of Mount Siʹnai in the flame of a burning thornbush.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 7:34-36)</strong></a> I have certainly seen the oppression of my people who are in Egypt, and I have heard their groaning, and I have come down to rescue them. Now come, I will send you off to Egypt.’ <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>This same Moses whom they had disowned, saying: ‘Who appointed you ruler and judge?’ is the very one God sent as both ruler and deliverer by means of the angel who appeared to him in the thornbush. <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>This man led them out, performing wonders and signs in Egypt and at the Red Sea and in the wilderness for 40 years.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ex. 9:13-19)</strong></a> Then Jehovah said to Moses: “Get up early in the morning and station yourself in front of Pharʹaoh, and say to him, ‘This is what Jehovah the God of the Hebrews has said: “Send my people away so that they may serve me. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>For now I am directing all my blows to strike your heart, your servants, and your people, so that you may know that there is no one like me in all the earth. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>For by now I could have thrust my hand out to strike you and your people with a devastating plague, and you would have been wiped out* from the earth. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>But for this very reason I have kept you in existence: to show you my power and to have my name declared in all the earth. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Are you still behaving arrogantly against my people by not sending them away? <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>Here I will cause a very great hail to rain down tomorrow about this time, such as has never occurred in Egypt from the day it was founded until now. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Therefore, send word to bring all your livestock and all that is yours in the field under shelter. Every man and beast caught in the field and not brought into the house will die when the hail comes down on them.”’”</p><p></p><p>Or “effaced.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Col. 1:29)</strong></a> To this end I am indeed working hard, exerting myself with his strength that is operating powerfully within me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
