<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, August 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Sunday, August 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah spoke to Moses face-to-face, just as one man would speak to another man.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ex. 33:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">When Moses was asked to lead the nation of Israel out of captivity, he lacked confidence and repeatedly told Jehovah that he felt unqualified. God responded with real compassion, providing help for Moses. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ex. 4:10-16</a>) As a result, Moses was able to deliver powerful judgment messages to Pharaoh. Moses then saw Jehovah use His power as He saved the Israelites but destroyed Pharaoh and his forces in the Red Sea. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ex. 14:26-31;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Ps. 136:15</a>) After Moses led the Israelites out of Egypt, they constantly found things to complain about. Even so, Moses observed Jehovah’s great patience in dealing with the people He had freed from slavery. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 78:40-43</a>) Moses also saw Jehovah show remarkable humility when He changed His mind after Moses asked Him to do so. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Ex. 32:9-14</a>) After the Exodus, Moses’ relationship with Jehovah became so close that it was as if he could see his heavenly Father.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Heb. 11:27</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>17 ¶7-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ex. 33:11)</strong></a> Jehovah spoke to Moses face-to-face, just as one man would speak to another man. When he returned to the camp, Joshua the son of Nun, his minister and attendant, would not depart from the tent.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ex. 4:10-16)</strong></a> Moses now said to Jehovah: “Pardon me, Jehovah, but I have never been a fluent speaker, neither in the past nor since you have spoken to your servant, for I am slow of speech* and slow of tongue.” <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>Jehovah said to him: “Who made a mouth for man, or who makes them speechless, deaf, clear-sighted, or blind? Is it not I, Jehovah? <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>So go now, and I will be with you as you speak,* and I will teach you what you should say.” <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>But he said: “Pardon me, Jehovah, please send anyone whom you want to send.” <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>Then Jehovah’s anger blazed against Moses, and he said: “What about your brother Aaron the Levite? I know that he can speak very well. And he is now on his way here to meet you. When he sees you, his heart will rejoice. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>So you must speak to him and put the words in his mouth, and I will be with you and him as you speak, and I will teach you men what to do. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>He will speak for you to the people, and he will be your spokesman, and you will serve as God to him.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “heavy of mouth.”</p><p>Lit., “with your mouth.”</p><p>Or “will be representing God to him.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ex. 14:26-31)</strong></a> Then Jehovah said to Moses: “Stretch out your hand over the sea so that the waters may come back over the Egyptians, their war chariots, and their cavalrymen.” <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>Moses at once stretched out his hand over the sea, and as morning approached, the sea returned to its normal condition. As the Egyptians fled from it, Jehovah shook the Egyptians off into the midst of the sea. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>The returning waters covered the war chariots and the cavalrymen and all of Pharʹaoh’s army who had gone into the sea after them. Not so much as one among them was allowed to survive. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>But the Israelites walked on dry ground in the midst of the seabed, and the waters formed a wall on their right hand and on their left. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>Thus Jehovah saved Israel on that day from the hand of the Egyptians, and Israel saw the Egyptians dead on the seashore. <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>Israel also saw the great power* that Jehovah wielded against the Egyptians, and the people began to fear Jehovah and to put faith in Jehovah and in his servant Moses.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “hand.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 136:15)</strong></a> He shook off Pharʹaoh and his army into the Red Sea, For his loyal love endures forever.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 78:40-43)</strong></a> How often they rebelled against him in the wilderness And made him feel hurt in the desert! <strong><sup>41 </sup></strong>Again and again they put God to the test, And they grieved* the Holy One of Israel. <strong><sup>42 </sup></strong>They did not remember his power,* The day that he rescued* them from the adversary, <strong><sup>43 </sup></strong>How he displayed his signs in Egypt And his miracles in the region of Zoʹan,</p><p></p><p>Or “pained.”</p><p>Lit., “hand.”</p><p>Lit., “redeemed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ex. 32:9-14)</strong></a> Jehovah went on to say to Moses: “I have seen that this is an obstinate* people. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>So now let me be, and I will exterminate them in my burning anger, and let me make a great nation from you instead.” <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>Then Moses appealed to* Jehovah his God and said: “Why, O Jehovah, should you turn your burning anger against your people after bringing them out of the land of Egypt with great power and with a mighty hand? <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>Why should the Egyptians say, ‘He had evil intentions when he led them out. He wanted to kill them in the mountains and exterminate them from the surface of the earth’? Turn from your burning anger and reconsider* your decision to bring this calamity on your people. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Remember your servants Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, to whom you swore by yourself and said: ‘I will multiply your offspring* like the stars of the heavens, and I will give all this land that I have designated to your offspring,* so that they may take it as a permanent possession.’” <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>So Jehovah began to reconsider* the calamity that he had spoken of bringing on his people.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “stiff-necked.”</p><p>Or “softened the face of.”</p><p>Or “feel regret over.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Or “felt regret over.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Heb. 11:27)</strong></a> By faith he left Egypt, but not fearing the anger of the king, for he continued steadfast as seeing the One who is invisible.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
