<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, August 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8">Tuesday, August 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class="themeScrp"><em>Call the elders.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jas. 5:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">The elders have a number of concerns when they receive a report of serious wrongdoing. They are primarily concerned with maintaining the sanctity of God’s name. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Lev. 22:31, 32;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Matt. 6:9</a>) They are also deeply concerned with the spiritual welfare of their brothers and sisters in the congregation and want to help any who have been victims of wrongdoing. In addition, if the wrongdoer is a part of the congregation, elders are concerned with trying to restore him if that is possible. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Jas. 5:14, 15</a>) A Christian who gives in to wrong desire and commits a serious sin is spiritually sick. This means that he no longer has a healthy relationship with Jehovah. In a sense, the elders are spiritual physicians. They endeavor to make “the sick one [in this instance, the wrongdoer] well.” Their Scriptural counsel can help him to restore his relationship with God, but this is only possible if he is genuinely repentant.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Acts 3:19;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 2 Cor. 2:5-10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>10 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jas. 5:14)</strong></a> Is there anyone sick among you? Let him call the elders of the congregation to him, and let them pray over him, applying oil to him in the name of Jehovah.*</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Lev. 22:31, 32)</strong></a> “You must keep my commandments and carry them out. I am Jehovah. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>You must not profane my holy name, and I must be sanctified in the midst of the Israelites. I am Jehovah, who is sanctifying you,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:9)</strong></a> “You must pray, then, this way: “‘Our Father in the heavens, let your name be sanctified.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Jas. 5:14, 15)</strong></a> Is there anyone sick among you? Let him call the elders of the congregation to him, and let them pray over him, applying oil to him in the name of Jehovah.* <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>And the prayer of faith will make the sick one* well, and Jehovah* will raise him up. Also, if he has committed sins, he will be forgiven.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Or possibly, “tired one.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 3:19)</strong></a> “Repent, therefore, and turn around so as to get your sins blotted out, so that seasons of refreshing may come from Jehovah himself</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 2:5-10)</strong></a> Now if anyone has caused sadness, he has saddened, not me, but all of you to an extent—not to be too harsh in what I say. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>This rebuke given by the majority is sufficient for such a man; <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>now you should instead kindly forgive and comfort him, so that he may not be overwhelmed by excessive sadness. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>I therefore exhort you to confirm your love for him. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>For this is also why I wrote to you: to determine whether you would give proof of your obedience in all things. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>If you forgive anyone for anything, I do also. In fact, whatever I have forgiven (if I have forgiven anything) has been for your sake in Christ’s sight,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
