<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, September 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Friday, September 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="themeScrp"><em>Whoever forgives a transgression seeks love, but the one who keeps harping on a matter separates close friends.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 17:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">Sometimes when we work closely with our friends, we become aware not only of their strengths but also of their weaknesses. What can help us deal with this challenge? Realistically, we cannot expect perfection from our brothers and sisters. Therefore, once we have formed close friendships, we need to work hard at keeping those newly formed bonds alive. If our friends make a mistake, we may need to give kind but frank counsel based on God’s Word. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 141:5</a>) And if they hurt us, we need to forgive them. Once we have forgiven them, we must avoid the temptation to bring the offense up again in the future. How vital it is during these critical times to focus on the strengths of our brothers and sisters rather than on their weaknesses! Doing so strengthens the bond we share with them, and we will need close friends during the great tribulation. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>6 ¶13,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation2"> 16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 17:9)</strong></a> Whoever forgives* a transgression seeks love, But the one who keeps harping on a matter separates close friends.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “covers over.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 141:5)</strong></a> Should the righteous one strike me, it would be an act of loyal love; Should he reprove me, it would be like oil on my head, Which my head would never refuse. My prayer will continue even during their calamities.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
