<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, September 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Wednesday, September 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="themeScrp"><em>Carry on prayer on every occasion.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 6:18</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">It is often when we are teaching others about Jehovah that we ourselves come to know him better. For example, we see direct evidence of Jehovah’s compassion when he guides us to those who have the right heart condition. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 6:44;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Acts 13:48</a>) We see the power of God’s Word at work as we watch those with whom we study break free from bad habits and begin to put on the new personality. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Col. 3:9, 10</a>) And we see proof of God’s patience as he gives many in our territory numerous opportunities to learn about him and be saved. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Rom. 10:13-15</a>) However, no matter how long we have been serving Jehovah, we should never take our relationship with him for granted. One of the most obvious ways we can prove that we value our friendship with God is by talking to him in prayer. Good communication is the lifeblood of a strong relationship. So draw close to God by praying often, never being afraid to express your innermost thoughts to him. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>19 ¶11,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation2"> 13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:18)</strong></a> while with every form of prayer and supplication you carry on prayer on every occasion in spirit. And to that end stay awake, constantly making supplication in behalf of all the holy ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 6:44)</strong></a> No man can come to me unless the Father, who sent me, draws him, and I will resurrect him on the last day.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 13:48)</strong></a> When those of the nations heard this, they began to rejoice and to glorify the word of Jehovah, and all those who were rightly disposed for everlasting life became believers.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Col. 3:9, 10)</strong></a> Do not lie to one another. Strip off the old personality* with its practices, <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>and clothe yourselves with the new personality, which through accurate knowledge is being made new according to the image of the One who created it,</p><p></p><p>Lit., “man.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rom. 10:13-15)</strong></a> For “everyone who calls on the name of Jehovah will be saved.” <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>However, how will they call on him if they have not put faith in him? How, in turn, will they put faith in him about whom they have not heard? How, in turn, will they hear without someone to preach? <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>How, in turn, will they preach unless they have been sent out? Just as it is written: “How beautiful are the feet of those who declare good news of good things!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
