<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, September 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Friday, September 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class="themeScrp"><em>I am pressing on toward the goal.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 3:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">The apostle Paul reminded the Christians in Philippi of the need to keep running with endurance. The congregation faced hostility from the start. It all began when, in response to the divine invitation to “step over into Macedonia,” Paul and Silas arrived in Philippi about 50 C.E. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 16:9</a>) There they found a woman named Lydia, who “was listening, and Jehovah opened her heart wide” to the good news. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 16:14</a>) She soon got baptized along with her household. However, the Devil was not idle. Men of the city dragged Paul and Silas before the civil magistrates and falsely accused them of causing a disturbance. As a result, Paul and Silas were beaten, imprisoned, and later urged to leave the city. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted10.xhtml#citation4">Acts 16:16-40</a>) Did they give up? Never! And what about the brothers and sisters in the newly formed congregation? Commendably, they too endured! No doubt they were greatly encouraged by the good example that Paul and Silas set for them. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>2 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 3:14)</strong></a> I am pressing on toward the goal for the prize of the upward call of God by means of Christ Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 16:9)</strong></a> And during the night a vision appeared to Paul—a Mac·e·doʹni·an man was standing there urging him and saying: “Step over into Mac·e·doʹni·a and help us.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 16:14)</strong></a> And a woman named Lydʹi·a, a seller of purple from the city of Thy·a·tiʹra and a worshipper of God, was listening, and Jehovah opened her heart wide to pay attention to the things Paul was saying.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
