<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, September 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Sunday, September 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class="themeScrp"><em>He will . . . put the incense on the fire before Jehovah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Lev. 16:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">On the yearly Day of Atonement, the nation of Israel came together and animal sacrifices were offered up. Those sacrifices helped to remind the Israelites that they needed to be cleansed of sin! First, though, the high priest had the task of pouring holy incense onto fiery coals and filling the room with a sweet-smelling aroma. What can we learn from that? The Bible indicates that the acceptable prayers of Jehovah’s faithful worshippers are like incense. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 141:2;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Rev. 5:8</a>) It was with great respect that the high priest brought the incense into the presence of Jehovah. Similarly, when we approach Jehovah in prayer, we do so with deep respect. We are in awe of him. We deeply appreciate that our Creator allows us to approach him and draw close to him, as a child to a father. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Jas. 4:8</a>) He accepts us as his friends! (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 25:14</a>) We appreciate this privilege so much that we would never want to disappoint him. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>20-21 ¶3-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Lev. 16:13)</strong></a> He will also put the incense on the fire before Jehovah, and the cloud of the incense will envelop the Ark cover, which is on the Testimony, so that he may not die.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 141:2)</strong></a> May my prayer be as incense prepared before you, My uplifted hands like the evening grain offering.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 5:8)</strong></a> When he took the scroll, the four living creatures and the 24 elders fell down before the Lamb, and each one had a harp and golden bowls that were full of incense. (The incense means the prayers of the holy ones.)</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Jas. 4:8)</strong></a> Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners, and purify your hearts, you indecisive ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 25:14)</strong></a> Close friendship with Jehovah belongs to those who fear him, And he makes his covenant known to them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
