<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, September 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Monday, September 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>How many your works are, O Jehovah! You have made all of them in wisdom. The earth is full of what you have made.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 104:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">How do most people where you live view work? In many countries, people are working harder and longer than ever before. Overworked people are often too busy to rest, to spend time with their families, or to satisfy their spiritual need. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eccl. 2:23</a>) On the other hand, some people do not like to work at all and make excuses for not working. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 26:13, 14</a>) In contrast with the world’s unbalanced attitudes, consider the way that Jehovah and Jesus view work. There is no question that Jehovah is a worker. Jesus made that clear, saying: “My Father has kept working until now, and I keep working.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">John 5:17</a>) Think of all the work God did as he created countless spirit creatures and the vast universe. We also see ample evidence of God’s creative works on the beautiful earth where we live. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>2 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 104:24)</strong></a> How many your works are, O Jehovah! You have made all of them in wisdom. The earth is full of what you have made.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eccl. 2:23)</strong></a> For during all his days, his occupation brings pain and frustration, and even at night his heart does not rest. This too is futility.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 26:13, 14)</strong></a> The lazy one says: “There is a young lion in the road, A lion in the public square!” <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>A door keeps turning on its hinges,* And the lazy one on his bed.</p><p></p><p>Or “pivot.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 5:17)</strong></a> But he answered them: “My Father has kept working until now, and I keep working.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
