<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, September 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Tuesday, September 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class="themeScrp"><em>Stop judging that you may not be judged.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 7:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">Eliphaz, Bildad, and Zophar did not spend their time thinking about how they could help Job. Instead, they were thinking about how they could prove that Job had done something wrong. They made some accurate statements, but much of what they said about Job and about Jehovah was either unkind or untrue. They judged Job harshly. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Job 32:1-3</a>) How did Jehovah respond? His anger burned hot against those three men. He called them foolish and made them ask Job to pray for them. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Job 42:7-9</a>) We learn a number of lessons from the bad examples set by Eliphaz, Bildad, and Zophar. First, we should not judge our brothers. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 7:2-5</a>) Instead, we should listen carefully to them before we speak. Only then will we be able to understand their situation. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Pet. 3:8</a>) Second, when we do speak, we must make sure that our words are kind and our statements accurate. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Eph. 4:25</a>) And third, Jehovah takes a keen interest in what we say to one another. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.03 </em>22-23 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 7:1)</strong></a> “Stop judging that you may not be judged;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Job 32:1-3)</strong></a> So these three men stopped trying to answer Job, because he was convinced of his own righteousness.* <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>But E·liʹhu the son of Barʹa·chel the Buzʹite of the family of Ram had become very angry. His anger blazed against Job for trying to prove himself* right rather than God. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>He was also very angry with Job’s three companions because they could not find an answer but had declared God wicked.</p><p></p><p>Or “because he was righteous in his own eyes.”</p><p>Or “his soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Job 42:7-9)</strong></a> After Jehovah had spoken these words to Job, Jehovah said to Elʹi·phaz the Teʹman·ite: “My anger burns against you and your two companions, for you have not spoken the truth about me as my servant Job has. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Now take seven bulls and seven rams and go to my servant Job, and offer up a burnt sacrifice for yourselves. And my servant Job will pray for you. I will surely accept his request* not to deal with you according to your foolishness, for you have not spoken the truth about me as my servant Job has.” <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>So Elʹi·phaz the Teʹman·ite, Bilʹdad the Shuʹhite, and Zoʹphar the Naʹa·ma·thite went and did what Jehovah had told them to do. And Jehovah accepted Job’s prayer.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “Surely I will lift up his face.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 7:2-5)</strong></a> for with the judgment you are judging, you will be judged, and with the measure that you are measuring out, they will measure out to you. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Why, then, do you look at the straw in your brother’s eye but do not notice the rafter in your own eye? <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Or how can you say to your brother, ‘Allow me to remove the straw from your eye,’ when look! a rafter is in your own eye? <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>Hypocrite! First remove the rafter from your own eye, and then you will see clearly how to remove the straw from your brother’s eye.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:8)</strong></a> Finally, all of you have unity of mind,* fellow feeling, brotherly affection, tender compassion, and humility.</p><p></p><p>Or “think in agreement.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:25)</strong></a> Therefore, now that you have put away deceit, each one of you speak truth with his neighbor, because we are members belonging to one another.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
