<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, September 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Sunday, September 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class="themeScrp"><em>Humble yourselves, therefore, under the mighty hand of God, so that he may exalt you in due time.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 5:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">The most important reason for us to cultivate humility is that it pleases Jehovah. The apostle Peter made this clear when he wrote the words of today’s text. Commenting on Peter’s words, the book <em>“Come Be My Follower” </em>says in chapter 3, <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1">paragraph 23</a>: “Haughtiness is like poison. The effects can be devastating. It is a quality that can render the most gifted human useless to God. Humility, on the other hand, can make even the least one very useful to Jehovah. . . . [He] will . . . delight in rewarding you for your humility.” Really, could we hope for anything better than to bring joy to Jehovah’s heart? (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 23:15</a>) Besides pleasing Jehovah, we receive many benefits when we cultivate humility. Humility draws other people to us. To understand why, put yourself in the shoes of others.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 7:12</a>. <span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation2"><em>w19.09 </em>4 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:6)</strong></a> Humble yourselves, therefore, under the mighty hand of God, so that he may exalt you in due time,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 23:15)</strong></a> My son, if your heart becomes wise, Then my own heart will rejoice.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 7:12)</strong></a> “All things, therefore, that you want men to do to you, you also must do to them. This, in fact, is what the Law and the Prophets mean.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
