<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, September 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Tuesday, September 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>Take my yoke upon you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 11:29</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">To find refreshment under Jesus’ yoke, we must keep the right perspective. We are doing Jehovah’s work, so it must be done Jehovah’s way. We are the workers, and Jehovah is the Master. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 17:10</a>) If we try to do his work our way, we will find ourselves fighting against the yoke. On the other hand, we can do extraordinary things and overcome any obstacle if we follow Jehovah’s guidance. Remember that nobody can stop his will from being accomplished! (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 8:31;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 1 John 4:4</a>) Our goal is to bring glory to our loving Father, Jehovah. Those in the first century who were motivated by greed or self-interest soon became unhappy and abandoned Jesus’ yoke. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">John 6:25-27,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 51,</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 60,</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> 66;</a><span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9"> Phil. 3:18, 19</a>) By contrast, those who were motivated by an unselfish love of God and love of neighbor happily carried that yoke throughout their life on earth, with the prospect of serving with Christ in heaven. Like them, we will remain happy by carrying Jesus’ yoke with the right motive. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>20 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation2"> 24-25 ¶19-20</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:29)</strong></a> Take my yoke upon you and learn from me,* for I am mild-tempered and lowly in heart, and you will find refreshment for yourselves.</p><p></p><p>Or “become my disciples (learners).”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 17:10)</strong></a> Likewise, when you have done all the things assigned to you, say: ‘We are good-for-nothing slaves. What we have done is what we ought to have done.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:31)</strong></a> What, then, are we to say about these things? If God is for us, who will be* against us?</p><p></p><p>Or “can be; is.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 John 4:4)</strong></a> You originate with God, little children, and you have conquered them, because the one who is in union with you is greater than the one who is in union with the world.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 6:25-27)</strong></a> When they found him across the sea, they said to him: “Rabbi, when did you get here?” <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>Jesus answered them: “Most truly I say to you, you are looking for me, not because you saw signs, but because you ate from the loaves and were satisfied. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>Work, not for the food that perishes, but for the food that remains for everlasting life, which the Son of man will give you; for on this one the Father, God himself, has put his seal of approval.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(John 6:51)</strong></a> I am the living bread that came down from heaven. If anyone eats of this bread he will live forever; and for a fact, the bread that I will give is my flesh in behalf of the life of the world.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(John 6:60)</strong></a> When they heard this, many of his disciples said: “This speech is shocking; who can listen to it?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(John 6:66)</strong></a> Because of this, many of his disciples went off to the things behind and would no longer walk with him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Phil. 3:18, 19)</strong></a> For there are many—I used to mention them often but now I mention them also with weeping—who are walking as enemies of the torture stake* of the Christ. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Their end is destruction, and their god is their belly, and their glory is really their shame, and they have their minds on earthly things.</p><p></p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
