<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, September 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Monday, September 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>I received much joy and comfort on hearing of your love.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Philem. 7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">The apostle Paul was humble, so he sought and received encouragement from his friends. He did not worry about being viewed as a weak person if he acknowledged that he had been comforted by others during times of distress. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Col. 4:7-11</a>) When we humbly acknowledge that we need encouragement, our brothers and sisters will gladly give us the support we need. Paul knew that the Scriptures would comfort him. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 15:4</a>) They would also give him wisdom to face any trial. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Tim. 3:15, 16</a>) When imprisoned in Rome for the second time, Paul felt that his death was near. He asked Timothy to come to him quickly and bring “the scrolls.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Tim. 4:6, 7,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 9,</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 13</a>) Why? Because those scrolls were likely portions of the Hebrew Scriptures that Paul could use in his personal Bible study. When we imitate Paul by regularly studying God’s Word, Jehovah will use the Scriptures to soothe us​—no matter what trials we face. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>23-24 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Philem. 7)</strong></a> For I received much joy and comfort on hearing of your love, because the hearts* of the holy ones have been refreshed through you, brother.</p><p></p><p>Or “tender affections.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Col. 4:7-11)</strong></a> Tychʹi·cus, my beloved brother and faithful minister and fellow slave in the Lord, will tell you all the news about me. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>I am sending him to you so that you will know how we are and that he may comfort your hearts. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>He is coming along with O·nesʹi·mus, my faithful and beloved brother, who is from among you; they will tell you all the things happening here. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Ar·is·tarʹchus, my fellow captive, sends you his greetings, and so does Mark, the cousin of Barʹna·bas (concerning whom you received instructions to welcome him if he comes to you), <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>and Jesus who is called Justus, who are of those circumcised. Only these are my fellow workers for the Kingdom of God, and they have become a source of great comfort* to me.</p><p></p><p>Or “a strengthening aid.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 15:4)</strong></a> For all the things that were written beforehand were written for our instruction, so that through our endurance and through the comfort from the Scriptures we might have hope.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:15, 16)</strong></a> and that from infancy you have known the holy writings, which are able to make you wise for salvation through faith in Christ Jesus. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>All Scripture is inspired of God and beneficial for teaching, for reproving, for setting things straight,* for disciplining in righteousness,</p><p></p><p>Or “correcting.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 4:6, 7)</strong></a> For I am already being poured out like a drink offering, and the time for my releasing is imminent. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>I have fought the fine fight, I have run the race to the finish, I have observed the faith.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 4:9)</strong></a> Do your utmost to come to me shortly.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 4:13)</strong></a> When you come, bring the cloak I left at Troʹas with Carpus, and the scrolls, especially the parchments.*</p><p></p><p>That is, the leather scrolls.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
