<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, September 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Saturday, September 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="themeScrp"><em>Become imitators of God, as beloved children.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 5:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">As Jehovah’s “beloved children,” we do our best to imitate him. We imitate his qualities by being loving, kind, and forgiving in our dealings with others. When those who do not know God see our fine conduct, they may be motivated to learn more about him. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Pet. 2:12</a>) Christian parents have good reason to imitate Jehovah in the way they treat their children. When they do, their children may want to form their own friendship with our loving Father. We are proud of our heavenly Father, Jehovah, and want others to come to know him. In our heart, we all feel as did King David, who wrote: “I will boast in Jehovah.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 34:2</a>) What, though, if we are timid? How can we become bold? We grow bold when we focus on how happy we can make Jehovah and how much others will benefit from learning about him. Jehovah will give us the courage we need. He helped our first-century brothers to become bold, and he will help us too.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Thess. 2:2</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>11 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:1)</strong></a> Therefore, become imitators of God, as beloved children,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:12)</strong></a> Maintain your conduct fine among the nations, so that when they accuse you of being wrongdoers, they may be eyewitnesses of your fine works and, as a result, glorify God in the day of his inspection.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 34:2)</strong></a> I* will boast in Jehovah; The meek will hear and rejoice.</p><p></p><p>Or “My soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 2:2)</strong></a> For although we had first suffered and been insolently treated in Phi·lipʹpi, as you know, we mustered up boldness* by means of our God to tell you the good news of God in the face of much opposition.*</p><p></p><p>Or “courage.”</p><p>Or possibly, “amid much struggling.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
