<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, September 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Wednesday, September 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class="themeScrp"><em>By faith Moses, when grown up, refused to be called the son of Pharaoh’s daughter.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 11:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">Moses acted on what he learned. When he was about 40 years old, Moses chose to associate with God’s people, the Hebrews, rather than to be known as “the son of Pharaoh’s daughter.” Moses gave up a prominent position. By siding with the Hebrews, who were slaves in Egypt, he risked the wrath of Pharaoh, a powerful ruler who was viewed as a god. What an outstanding act of faith! Moses trusted in Jehovah. Such trust is a foundation stone of a lasting relationship. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 3:5</a>) What is the lesson for us? Like Moses, all of us have a decision to make: Will we choose to serve God and associate with his people? We may have to make sacrifices to serve God, and we risk being opposed by those who do not know Jehovah. But if we trust in our heavenly Father, we can count on his support! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>17 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 11:24)</strong></a> By faith Moses, when grown up, refused to be called the son of Pharʹaoh’s daughter,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 3:5)</strong></a> Trust in Jehovah with all your heart, And do not rely* on your own understanding.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “lean.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
