<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, September 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Sunday, September 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class="themeScrp"><em>Go, therefore, and make disciples . . . , baptizing them.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 28:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">Many who study the Bible progress to baptism. However, some who regularly study the Bible with us seem reluctant to become disciples. They enjoy their studies, but they are not progressing to baptism. If you are conducting a Bible study, we are sure that you want to help your student to apply what he learns and to become a disciple of Christ. Jehovah wants people to serve him because they love him. So our goal is to help our students to understand that Jehovah cares deeply about them as individuals and that he loves them very much. We want to help them to see Jehovah as “a father of the fatherless and a protector of widows.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 68:5</a>) As your students come to appreciate God’s love for them, their heart will likely be touched and their own love for him will grow. So help your students to understand that our loving God wants them to gain everlasting life, and he is ready to help them to achieve that goal. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>3 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 68:5)</strong></a> A father of the fatherless and a protector* of widows Is God in his holy dwelling.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “judge.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
