<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, September 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89">Thursday, September 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class="themeScrp"><em>Your sins have been forgiven.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 John 2:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">What relief that thought brings to us! As King of God’s Kingdom, Jesus will undo any damage Satan and his system may inflict on us. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 65:17;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 1 John 3:8;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Rev. 21:3, 4</a>) What hope that inspires in us! And even though Jesus has given us a challenging assignment, he is with us, supporting us through the last days of this system. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 28:19, 20</a>) What courage that builds in us! Relief, hope, and courage​—these are some of the solid foundation stones on which our peace of mind is built. How, then, can you retain your peace of mind when you are shaken by severe trials? You can do so by imitating the things Jesus did. First, pray and persist in prayer. Second, obey Jehovah and preach zealously even when it is difficult to do so. And third, look to your friends to help you through trials. Then the peace of God will guard your mind and heart. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Phil. 4:6, 7</a>) And like Jesus, you will conquer any trial.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">John 16:33</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>13 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p92" data-pid="92" class="p92"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 John 2:12)</strong></a> I am writing you, little children, because your sins have been forgiven you for the sake of his name.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 65:17)</strong></a> For look! I am creating new heavens and a new earth; And the former things will not be called to mind,* Nor will they come up into the heart.</p><p></p><p>Or “be remembered.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 John 3:8)</strong></a> The one who practices sin originates with the Devil, because the Devil has been sinning from the beginning.* For this purpose the Son of God was made manifest, to break up* the works of the Devil.</p><p></p><p>Or “from when he began.”</p><p>Or “destroy.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rev. 21:3, 4)</strong></a> With that I heard a loud voice from the throne say: “Look! The tent of God is with mankind, and he will reside with them, and they will be his people. And God himself will be with them. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>And he will wipe out every tear from their eyes, and death will be no more, neither will mourning nor outcry nor pain be anymore. The former things have passed away.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19, 20)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit, <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you. And look! I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:6, 7)</strong></a> Do not be anxious over anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication along with thanksgiving, let your petitions be made known to God; <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>and the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and your mental powers* by means of Christ Jesus.</p><p></p><p>Or “your minds; your thoughts.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(John 16:33)</strong></a> I have said these things to you so that by means of me you may have peace. In the world you will have tribulation, but take courage! I have conquered the world.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
