<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, September 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23">Wednesday, September 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class="themeScrp"><em>It is lawful to do a fine thing on the Sabbath.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 12:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">Jesus and his Jewish followers observed the Sabbath because they were under the Mosaic Law. But Jesus showed by word and deed that keeping the Sabbath was to be reasonable and that kind and helpful actions were allowable. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 12:9-11</a>) He did not view performing kind and helpful actions as a violation of the Sabbath. Jesus’ actions highlighted a key feature of the Sabbath. Because God’s people rested from their daily labor, they were able to focus on spiritual things. Jesus grew up in a family that must have used the Sabbath for spiritual benefit. That is reflected in what we read about Jesus when he was in his hometown of Nazareth: “According to [Jesus’] custom on the Sabbath day, he entered the synagogue and stood up to read.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 4:15-19</a>) Also, his disciples had so much respect for the Sabbath law that they stopped preparations for Jesus’ burial until the Sabbath day was over.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Luke 23:55, 56</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>4 ¶10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 12:12)</strong></a> How much more valuable is a man than a sheep! So it is lawful to do a fine thing on the Sabbath.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 12:9-11)</strong></a> After departing from that place, he went into their synagogue, <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>and look! there was a man with a withered* hand! So they asked him, “Is it lawful to cure on the Sabbath?” so that they might accuse him. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>He said to them: “If you have one sheep and that sheep falls into a pit on the Sabbath, is there a man among you who will not grab hold of it and lift it out?</p><p></p><p>Or “paralyzed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 4:15-19)</strong></a> Also, he began to teach in their synagogues, and he was held in honor by all. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>He then went to Nazʹa·reth, where he had been brought up, and according to his custom on the Sabbath day, he entered the synagogue and stood up to read. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>So the scroll of the prophet Isaiah was handed to him, and he opened the scroll and found the place where it was written: <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>“Jehovah’s spirit is upon me, because he anointed me to declare good news to the poor. He sent me to proclaim liberty to the captives and a recovery of sight to the blind, to send the crushed ones away free, <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>to preach Jehovah’s acceptable year.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 23:55, 56)</strong></a> But the women who had come with him from Galʹi·lee followed along and took a look at the tomb and saw how his body was laid, <strong><sup>56 </sup></strong>and they went back to prepare spices and perfumed oils. But, of course, they rested on the Sabbath according to the commandment.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
