<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, January 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Monday, January 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class = "themeScrp"><em>Discipline . . . is painful.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 12:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">Despite our pain of heart, we must avoid normal contact with a disfellowshipped family member by telephone, text messages, letters, e-mails, or social media. Yet, maintain hope. Love “hopes all things,” including that those who have left Jehovah will come back to him. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 13:7</a>) If you see evidence that a close family member is having a change of heart, you could pray that he or she gain strength from the Scriptures and respond to Jehovah’s appeal: “Return to me.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 44:22</a>) Jesus said that if we were to put any human before him, we would not be worthy of him. Yet, he was confident that his disciples would have the courage to maintain their loyalty to him despite family opposition. If following Jesus has brought “a sword” into your family, rely on Jehovah to help you deal with the challenges successfully. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Isa. 41:10,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 13</a>) Find joy in knowing that Jehovah and Jesus are pleased with you and that they will reward your faithful course. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>16 ¶19-21</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 12:11)</strong></a> True, no discipline seems for the present to be joyous, but it is painful;* yet afterward, it yields the peaceable fruit of righteousness to those who have been trained by it.</p><p></p><p>Or “grievous.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 13:7)</strong></a> It bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 44:22)</strong></a> I will blot out your transgressions as with a cloud And your sins as with a thick cloud. Return to me, for I will repurchase you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 41:10)</strong></a> Do not be afraid, for I am with you. Do not be anxious, for I am your God. I will fortify you, yes, I will help you, I will really hold on to you with my right hand of righteousness.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Isa. 41:13)</strong></a> For I, Jehovah your God, am grasping your right hand, The One saying to you, ‘Do not be afraid. I will help you.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
