<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, January 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Saturday, January 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class = "themeScrp"><em>I do all things for the sake of the good news, in order to share it with others.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 9:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">Although we are simply imperfect earthen vessels, the message we preach can bring everlasting life to us and to those who listen to us. The apostle Paul’s love for the ministry moved him to work hard at making disciples. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 1:14, 15;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 2 Tim. 4:2</a>) That helped him to endure severe opposition. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Thess. 2:2</a>) How can we demonstrate such love for the ministry? One way that Paul demonstrated appreciation for the ministry was by being alert to opportunities to speak to others. Like the apostles and early Christians, we preach informally, publicly, and from house to house. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Acts 5:42;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 20:20</a>) As our circumstances allow, we look for ways to expand our ministry, perhaps by serving as an auxiliary or a regular pioneer. We might also learn another language, move to another area in our own country, or even move to another land.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Acts 16:9, 10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>10-11 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 9:23)</strong></a> But I do all things for the sake of the good news, in order to share it with others.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:14, 15)</strong></a> Both to Greeks and to foreigners,* both to wise and to senseless ones, I am a debtor; <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>so I am eager to declare the good news also to you there in Rome.</p><p></p><p>Or “non-Greeks.” Lit., “barbarians.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 4:2)</strong></a> Preach the word; be at it urgently in favorable times and difficult times; reprove, reprimand, exhort, with all patience and art of teaching.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 2:2)</strong></a> For although we had first suffered and been insolently treated in Phi·lipʹpi, as you know, we mustered up boldness* by means of our God to tell you the good news of God in the face of much opposition.*</p><p></p><p>Or “courage.”</p><p>Or possibly, “amid much struggling.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 5:42)</strong></a> And every day in the temple and from house to house they continued without letup teaching and declaring the good news about the Christ, Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Acts 20:20)</strong></a> while I did not hold back from telling you any of the things that were profitable* nor from teaching you publicly and from house to house.</p><p></p><p>Or “for your good; for your benefit.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Acts 16:9, 10)</strong></a> And during the night a vision appeared to Paul—a Mac·e·doʹni·an man was standing there urging him and saying: “Step over into Mac·e·doʹni·a and help us.” <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>As soon as he had seen the vision, we tried to go into Mac·e·doʹni·a, drawing the conclusion that God had summoned us to declare the good news to them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
