<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, January 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65"><span id="page14" class="pageNum" data-no="14" data-before-text="14"></span>Tuesday, January 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class = "themeScrp"><em>Jehovah raises up the meek.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 147:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">How can we benefit from Jehovah’s readiness to act in our behalf? We have to have a good relationship with him. To have that, we need to cultivate meekness. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Zeph. 2:3</a>) Meek ones wait on God to correct any wrongs and to undo the injuries inflicted on them. Jehovah looks on such ones with his smile of approval. On the other hand, God “hurls the wicked to the ground.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 147:6b</a>) These are strong words! To benefit from Jehovah’s loyal love and to avoid his wrath, we have to hate what he hates. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 97:10</a>) For instance, we are to hate sexual immorality. This means that we have to stay away from anything that could lead us into such wrongdoing, including pornography. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 119:37;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Matt. 5:28</a>) This may be a hard fight, but having Jehovah’s blessing is worth any effort we must put forth. In fighting this battle, we need to rely on Jehovah, not on ourselves. We must approach Jehovah, begging for his help. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>19-20 ¶11-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 147:6)</strong></a> Jehovah raises up the meek, But he hurls the wicked to the ground.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Zeph. 2:3)</strong></a> Seek Jehovah, all you meek ones* of the earth, Who observe his righteous decrees.* Seek righteousness, seek meekness.* Probably* you will be concealed on the day of Jehovah’s anger.</p><p></p><p>Or “humble ones.”</p><p>Lit., “his judgment.”</p><p>Or “humility.”</p><p>Or “It may be that.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 147:6)</strong></a> Jehovah raises up the meek, But he hurls the wicked to the ground.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 97:10)</strong></a> O you who love Jehovah, hate what is bad. He is guarding the lives* of his loyal ones; He rescues them from the hand* of the wicked.</p><p></p><p>Or “souls.”</p><p>Or “power.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:37)</strong></a> Turn my eyes away from looking at what is worthless; Preserve me alive in your way.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:28)</strong></a> But I say to you that everyone who keeps on looking at a woman so as to have a passion for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
