<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, January 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Sunday, January 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class = "themeScrp"><em>Every mountain and every island was removed from its place.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rev. 6:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">Much of the evil that is done in this world is the work not of individuals but of organizations. Think of the religious organizations that deceive millions of people about the nature of God, the trustworthiness of the Bible, the future of the earth and mankind​—and many other subjects. Or what about the governments that promote war and ethnic violence, that oppress the poor and defenseless, that thrive on bribery and favoritism? What about greedy corporations that pollute the environment, deplete natural resources, and exploit the gullibility of consumers in order to bring untold wealth to a few while millions struggle in poverty? God’s Word foretells that the governments of this old world and all their dependent organizations will be rocked from their foundations​—destroyed—​along with all those who side with them against God’s Kingdom.​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jer. 25:31-33</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>11 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rev. 6:14)</strong></a> And the heaven departed as a scroll that is being rolled up, and every mountain and every island was removed from its place.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jer. 25:31-33)</strong></a> ‘A noise will resound to the ends of the earth, For Jehovah has a controversy with the nations. He will personally pass judgment on all humans.* And he will put the wicked to the sword,’ declares Jehovah. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>This is what Jehovah of armies says: ‘Look! A calamity is spreading from nation to nation, And a great tempest will be unleashed from the remotest parts of the earth. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>“‘And those slain by Jehovah in that day will be from one end of the earth clear to the other end of the earth. They will not be mourned, nor will they be gathered up or buried. They will become like manure on the surface of the ground.’</p><p></p><p>Lit., “all flesh.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
