<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, January 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Friday, January 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class = "themeScrp"><em>You should look into the matter, making a thorough investigation and inquiry.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Deut. 13:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">When elders serve on judicial committees, they must carefully determine whether a Christian guilty of serious sin is repentant. Repentance​—or the lack of it—​is not always obvious. It involves a person’s viewpoint, disposition, and heart condition. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rev. 3:3</a>) A sinner must be repentant if he is to receive mercy. Unlike Jehovah and Jesus, elders cannot read hearts. If you are an elder, then, how can you meet the challenge of discerning heartfelt repentance? First, pray for wisdom and discernment. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Ki. 3:9</a>) Second, consult God’s Word and publications from the faithful slave to help you distinguish “sadness of the world” from “sadness in a godly way,” genuine repentance. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Cor. 7:10, 11</a>) See how the Scriptures portray both repentant and unrepentant ones. How does the Bible describe their feelings, their attitude, and their conduct? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>17 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Deut. 13:14)</strong></a> you should look into the matter, making a thorough investigation and inquiry; and if it is confirmed to be true that this detestable thing has been done among you,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 3:3)</strong></a> Therefore, continue mindful of* how you have received and how you heard, and go on keeping it, and repent. Certainly unless you wake up, I will come as a thief, and you will not know at all at what hour I will come upon you.</p><p></p><p>Or “remember.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 3:9)</strong></a> So grant your servant an obedient heart to judge your people, to discern between good and bad, for who is able to judge this numerous* people of yours?”</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “difficult.” Lit., “heavy.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 7:10, 11)</strong></a> For sadness in a godly way produces repentance leading to salvation, leaving no regret; but the sadness of the world produces death. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>For see what a great earnestness your being saddened in a godly way produced in you, yes, clearing of yourselves, yes, indignation, yes, fear, yes, earnest desire, yes, zeal, yes, righting of the wrong! In every respect you demonstrated yourselves to be pure* in this matter.</p><p></p><p>Or “chaste; innocent.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
