<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, January 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8">Thursday, January 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class = "themeScrp"><em>Do not forget hospitality, for through it some unknowingly entertained angels.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 13:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">Have you held back from offering hospitality? If so, you may have missed out on opportunities for delightful company and for forming lasting friendships. Hospitality is one of the finest antidotes to loneliness. But you may wonder, ‘Why would anyone hold back?’ There could be a number of reasons. One is that Jehovah’s servants are very busy and often have multiple commitments. Some may feel that they simply do not have the time or energy to show hospitality. If that is your situation, it may be that you need to examine your current schedule of activities. Could you make some adjustments so that you will have time and energy to accept or offer hospitality? The Scriptures urge Christians to extend hospitality. It is not wrong to make time for this; actually, it is the right thing to do. You may, of course, need to be willing to limit some optional activities. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>16 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:2)</strong></a> Do not forget hospitality,* for through it some unknowingly entertained angels.</p><p></p><p>Or “kindness to strangers.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
