<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, January 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Wednesday, January 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class = "themeScrp"><em>They got baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 19:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">No one should feel pressured by a parent, a Bible teacher, or anyone else in the congregation to get baptized. That is not Jehovah’s way. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 John 4:8</a>) Rather, as we teach such ones, we ought to emphasize the importance of building a personal relationship with God. It is the student’s heartfelt appreciation for the truth and his desire to shoulder the yoke of Christian discipleship that will move him to get baptized. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Cor. 5:14, 15</a>) There is no set age at which one should get baptized. Each student grows and matures at a different rate. The day of one’s baptism is a time for genuine rejoicing. It is also a time for sober reflection. Living up to one’s dedication involves hard work. That is why Jesus compared Christian discipleship to a yoke. Jesus’ disciples must “live no longer for themselves, but for him who died for them and was raised up.”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Cor. 5:15;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Matt. 16:24</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>6-7 ¶14-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 19:5)</strong></a> On hearing this, they got baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 John 4:8)</strong></a> Whoever does not love has not come to know God, because God is love.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 5:14, 15)</strong></a> For the love the Christ has compels us, because this is what we have concluded, that one man died for all; so, then, all had died. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>And he died for all so that those who live should live no longer for themselves, but for him who died for them and was raised up.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 5:15)</strong></a> And he died for all so that those who live should live no longer for themselves, but for him who died for them and was raised up.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 16:24)</strong></a> Then Jesus said to his disciples: “If anyone wants to come after me, let him disown himself and pick up his torture stake and keep following me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
