<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, January 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83"><span id="page16" class="pageNum" data-no="16" data-before-text="16"></span>Monday, January 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class = "themeScrp"><em>I will not bring the calamity during his lifetime.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Ki. 21:29</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">Jehovah, “the examiner of hearts,” extended a measure of mercy to Ahab. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 17:3</a>) How did this decision affect those who knew of Ahab’s terrible crime? This seeming reversal may have tested the faith of Naboth’s family and friends. If so, humility would have protected them, prompting them to continue faithful in their worship of Jehovah, confident that their God is incapable of injustice. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Deut. 32:3, 4</a>) Naboth, his sons, and their families will experience perfect justice when Jehovah resurrects the righteous ones. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Job 14:14, 15;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> John 5:28, 29</a>) Furthermore, a humble person remembers that “the true God will judge every deed, including every hidden thing, as to whether it is good or bad.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Eccl. 12:14</a>) Yes, when rendering judgment, Jehovah takes into consideration factors that are unknown to us. Thus, humility protects innocent ones from spiritual disaster. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>24 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 21:29)</strong></a> “Have you seen how Aʹhab has humbled himself on my account? Because he has humbled himself before me, I will not bring the calamity during his lifetime. I will bring the calamity upon his house in the days of his son.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 17:3)</strong></a> The refining pot is for silver and the furnace for gold, But Jehovah is the examiner of hearts.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Deut. 32:3, 4)</strong></a> For I will declare the name of Jehovah. Tell about the greatness of our God!  <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>The Rock, perfect is his activity, For all his ways are justice. A God of faithfulness who is never unjust; Righteous and upright is he.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Job 14:14, 15)</strong></a> If a man dies, can he live again? I will wait all the days of my compulsory service Until my relief comes. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>You will call, and I will answer you. You will long* for the work of your hands.</p><p></p><p>Or “yearn.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 5:28, 29)</strong></a> Do not be amazed at this, for the hour is coming in which all those in the memorial tombs will hear his voice <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>and come out, those who did good things to a resurrection of life, and those who practiced vile things to a resurrection of judgment.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Eccl. 12:14)</strong></a> For the true God will judge every deed, including every hidden thing, as to whether it is good or bad.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
