<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, January 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74"><span id="page15" class="pageNum" data-no="15" data-before-text="15"></span>Friday, January 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class = "themeScrp"><em>Guard against every sort of greed.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 12:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">Many today are obsessed with the latest fashions, electronic gadgets, and so forth. Therefore, each Christian regularly needs to examine his own desires by asking himself such questions as: ‘Have material things become so important to me that I spend more time researching and thinking about the latest cars or fashions than I do preparing for congregation meetings? Have I become so preoccupied with the everyday affairs of life that I spend less time praying or reading the Bible?’ If we realize that our love for material things is eclipsing our love for the Christ, we should reflect on Jesus’ words found in today’s text. Jesus stated that “no one can slave for two masters.” He added: “You cannot slave for God and for Riches.” That is because both “masters” require exclusive devotion. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 6:24</a>) As imperfect people, all of us need to keep up our fight against “the desires of our flesh,” including materialism.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eph. 2:3</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>25-26 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 12:15)</strong></a> Then he said to them: “Keep your eyes open and guard against every sort of greed, because even when a person has an abundance, his life does not result from the things he possesses.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:24)</strong></a> “No one can slave for two masters; for either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will stick to the one and despise the other. You cannot slave for God and for Riches.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 2:3)</strong></a> Yes, among them we all at one time conducted ourselves in harmony with the desires of our flesh, carrying out the will of the flesh and of our thoughts, and we were naturally children of wrath just as the rest.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
