<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, January 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Wednesday, January 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class = "themeScrp"><em>Everything was numbered and weighed, and all the weight was recorded.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ezra 8:34</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">With prayerful consideration, the Governing Body strives to be faithful and discreet with regard to how the organization’s funds are used. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 24:45</a>) The funds that are received are budgeted and spent accordingly. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 14:28</a>) The apostle Paul collected funds as a relief ministration for the brothers in Judea. He took steps to ensure that those delivering the funds cared for “everything honestly, not only in the sight of Jehovah but also in the sight of men.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Cor. 8:18-21</a>) Imitating the examples of Ezra and Paul, our organization today follows strict procedures when it comes to handling and spending donated funds. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ezra 8:24-33</a>) In recent years, there have been many exciting new initiatives. The organization looks for ways to reduce expenses and simplify the work so as to be able to accomplish the most that it can with your generous donations. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>19-20 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ezra 8:34)</strong></a> Everything was numbered and weighed, and all the weight was recorded.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:45)</strong></a> “Who really is the faithful and discreet slave whom his master appointed over his domestics, to give them their food at the proper time?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 14:28)</strong></a> For example, who of you wanting to build a tower does not first sit down and calculate the expense to see if he has enough to complete it?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 8:18-21)</strong></a> But we are sending along with him the brother whose praise in connection with the good news has spread through all the congregations. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Not only that, but he was also appointed by the congregations to be our traveling companion as we administer this kind gift for the glory of the Lord and in proof of our readiness to assist. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>Thus we are avoiding having any man find fault with us in connection with this liberal contribution that we are administering. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>For we ‘care for everything honestly, not only in the sight of Jehovah* but also in the sight of men.’</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ezra 8:24-33)</strong></a> I now set apart 12 of the chiefs of the priests, namely, She·re·biʹah and Hash·a·biʹah, along with ten of their brothers. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>Then I weighed out to them the silver and the gold and the utensils, the contribution that the king and his advisers and his princes and all the Israelites who were present there had made to the house of our God. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>Thus I weighed out into their hand 650 talents* of silver, 100 silver utensils worth 2 talents, 100 talents of gold, <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>20 small gold bowls worth 1,000 darics,* and 2 utensils of fine copper, gleaming red, as desirable as gold. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>Then I said to them: “You are holy to Jehovah, and the utensils are holy, and the silver and the gold are a voluntary offering to Jehovah the God of your forefathers. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>Guard them carefully until you weigh them out before the chiefs of the priests and the Levites and the princes of the paternal houses of Israel in Jerusalem, in the chambers* of the house of Jehovah.” <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>And the priests and the Levites took the silver and the gold and the utensils that had been weighed out to them, in order to bring them to Jerusalem to the house of our God. <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>Finally we pulled away from the river A·haʹva on the 12th day of the first month to go to Jerusalem, and the hand of our God was over us, and he rescued us from the hand of the enemy and from ambush along the way. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>So we came to Jerusalem and stayed there for three days. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>And on the fourth day, we weighed out the silver and the gold and the utensils in the house of our God and handed them over to Merʹe·moth son of U·riʹjah the priest, and with him was El·e·aʹzar son of Phinʹe·has, and with them were the Levites Joʹza·bad son of Jeshʹu·a and No·a·diʹah son of Binʹnu·i.</p><p></p><p>A talent equaled 34.2 kg (1,101 oz t). See App. B14.</p><p>A daric was a Persian gold coin. See App. B14.</p><p>Or “dining halls.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
