<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, January 31
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p92" data-pid="92"><span id="page17" class="pageNum" data-no="17" data-before-text="17"></span>Thursday, January 31</h2>
</header>
<p id="p93" data-pid="93" class = "themeScrp"><em>You must pay your vows to Jehovah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 5:33</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p94" data-pid="94" class="p94">He was a valiant leader; she was a submissive wife. He was a brave warrior; she was a humble homemaker. Besides worshipping the same God, what could Judge Jephthah and Elkanah’s wife Hannah possibly have in common? Each was under a vow to God, and they both faithfully paid their vow to him. They are excellent examples for men and women today who choose to make vows to Jehovah. As used in the Bible, a vow is a solemn promise that is made to God. A person promises to perform some act, to offer some gift, to enter some type of service, or to abstain from certain things. Vows are made voluntarily, of one’s own free will. Nevertheless, they are sacred and binding in God’s eyes because they carry the force of an oath​—a sworn statement—​that promises that a person will or will not do a certain thing.​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 14:22, 23;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Heb. 6:16, 17</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>3 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p95" data-pid="95" class="p95"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:33)</strong></a> “Again you heard that it was said to those of ancient times: ‘You must not swear without performing, but you must pay your vows to Jehovah.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 14:22, 23)</strong></a> But Aʹbram said to the king of Sodʹom: “I raise my hand in an oath to Jehovah the Most High God, Maker of heaven and earth, <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>that I will not take anything that is yours, from a thread to a sandal lace, so that you may not say, ‘I made Aʹbram rich.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 6:16, 17)</strong></a> For men swear by someone greater, and their oath is the end of every dispute, since it is a legal guarantee to them. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>In this same way, when God decided to demonstrate more clearly to the heirs of the promise the unchangeableness of his purpose,* he guaranteed it* with an oath,</p><p></p><p>Or “counsel.”</p><p>Or “stepped in.” Lit., “mediated.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
