<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, January 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11"><span id="page8" class="pageNum" data-no="8" data-before-text="8"></span>Friday, January 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class = "themeScrp"><em>I must also declare the good news of the Kingdom of God to other cities, because for this I was sent.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 4:43</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">Of all the people who have lived, who is the most outstanding example of a spiritual person? It is Jesus, of course. Throughout his life and ministry, he showed that he wanted to imitate his Father, Jehovah. He thought, felt, and acted like Jehovah and lived in harmony with God’s will and standards. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 8:29;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 14:9;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 15:10</a>) Note, for example, how Jehovah’s feelings of compassion are described by the prophet Isaiah, and compare that description with what the Gospel writer Mark reports about Jesus’ feelings. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Isa. 63:9;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Mark 6:34</a>) Are we like Jesus, ever ready to show compassionate concern when we meet people who need help? In addition, Jesus devoted himself to the work of preaching and teaching the good news. All such feelings and actions are marks of a spiritual person. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>21 ¶12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 4:43)</strong></a> But he said to them: “I must also declare the good news of the Kingdom of God to other cities, because for this I was sent.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 8:29)</strong></a> And the One who sent me is with me; he did not abandon me to myself, because I always do the things pleasing to him.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 14:9)</strong></a> Jesus said to him: “Even after I have been with you men for such a long time, Philip, have you not come to know me? Whoever has seen me has seen the Father also. How is it you say, ‘Show us the Father’?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 15:10)</strong></a> If you observe my commandments, you will remain in my love, just as I have observed the commandments of the Father and remain in his love.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Isa. 63:9)</strong></a> During all their distress it was distressing to him. And his own personal messenger* saved them. In his love and compassion he repurchased them, And he lifted them up and carried them all the days of old.</p><p></p><p>Or “the angel of his presence.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Mark 6:34)</strong></a> Well, on getting out, he saw a large crowd, and he was moved with pity for them, because they were as sheep without a shepherd. And he started to teach them many things.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
