<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, January 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89">Wednesday, January 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class = "themeScrp"><em>The love of the greater number will grow cold.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 24:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">One facet of the sign that Jesus gave regarding “the conclusion of the system of things” was that “the love of the greater number [would] grow cold.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 24:3</a>) In the first century, the Jews, who claimed to be God’s people, allowed their love for God to grow cold. On the other hand, most Christians at that time kept busy “declaring the good news about the Christ” and showing love for God, for fellow Christians, and for unbelievers. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 2:44-47;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 5:42</a>) Nevertheless, some of Jesus’ followers in the first century did allow their love to grow cold. Speaking to first-century Christians living in Ephesus, the resurrected Jesus Christ said: “I hold this against you, that you have left the love you had at first.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Rev. 2:4</a>) What may have been one reason for this? These early disciples of Christ may have been influenced by the fleshly-minded world.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Eph. 2:2, 3</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>17 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:12)</strong></a> and because of the increasing of lawlessness, the love of the greater number will grow cold.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:3)</strong></a> While he was sitting on the Mount of Olives, the disciples approached him privately, saying: “Tell us, when will these things be, and what will be the sign of your presence and of the conclusion of the system of things?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 2:44-47)</strong></a> All those who became believers were together and had everything in common, <strong><sup>45 </sup></strong>and they were selling their possessions and properties and distributing the proceeds to all, according to what each one needed. <strong><sup>46 </sup></strong>And day after day they were in constant attendance in the temple with a united purpose, and they took their meals in different homes and shared their food with great rejoicing and sincerity of heart, <strong><sup>47 </sup></strong>praising God and finding favor with all the people. At the same time Jehovah continued to add to them daily those being saved.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 5:42)</strong></a> And every day in the temple and from house to house they continued without letup teaching and declaring the good news about the Christ, Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rev. 2:4)</strong></a> Nevertheless, I hold this against you, that you have left the love you had at first.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Eph. 2:2, 3)</strong></a> in which you at one time walked according to the system of things* of this world, according to the ruler of the authority of the air, the spirit that is now at work in the sons of disobedience. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Yes, among them we all at one time conducted ourselves in harmony with the desires of our flesh, carrying out the will of the flesh and of our thoughts, and we were naturally children of wrath just as the rest.</p><p></p><p>Or “the course.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
