<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, January 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71">Thursday, January 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class = "themeScrp"><em>Be wise, my son, and make my heart rejoice, so that I can make a reply to him who taunts me.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 27:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">Why is it comforting to reflect on the value of our faithfulness? Because it means that our trials serve a purpose. Far from indicating Jehovah’s displeasure, they provide for us a means to show that we support God’s sovereignty. Our endurance produces “an approved condition” and strengthens our hope. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 5:3-5</a>) The record of Job bears out that “Jehovah is very tender in affection and merciful.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Jas. 5:11</a>) So we can be sure that he will reward us and all who uphold his sovereignty. Knowing this helps us “endure fully with patience and joy.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Col. 1:11</a>) Granted, keeping our eyes on the vindication of Jehovah’s sovereignty can be challenging. Therefore, we do well to remind ourselves regularly of the importance of supporting God’s sovereignty when we face difficult circumstances. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>26 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 27:11)</strong></a> Be wise, my son, and make my heart rejoice, So that I can make a reply to him who taunts me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 5:3-5)</strong></a> Not only that, but let us rejoice* while in tribulations, since we know that tribulation produces endurance; <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>endurance, in turn, an approved condition; the approved condition, in turn, hope, <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>and the hope does not lead to disappointment; because the love of God has been poured out into our hearts through the holy spirit, which was given to us.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “we rejoice.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jas. 5:11)</strong></a> Look! We consider happy* those who have endured. You have heard of the endurance of Job and have seen the outcome Jehovah* gave, that Jehovah* is very tender in affection* and merciful.</p><p></p><p>Or “blessed.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Or “very compassionate.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Col. 1:11)</strong></a> and may you be strengthened with all power according to his glorious might so that you may endure fully with patience and joy,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
