<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, January 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56"><span id="page13" class="pageNum" data-no="13" data-before-text="13"></span>Saturday, January 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class = "themeScrp"><em>Put </em>[<em>the crown</em>] <em>on the head of Joshua son of Jehozadak, the high priest.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Zech. 6:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Did the crowning of High Priest Joshua make him a king? No, Joshua was not from the royal line of David and thus did not qualify to be king. His crowning was prophetic, pointing to a future and eternal king and priest. The high priest who is made king is named Sprout. The Scriptures clearly indicate that Sprout is Jesus Christ. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 11:1;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Matt. 2:23</a>, ftn.) Acting as both King and High Priest, Jesus is the leader of Jehovah’s heavenly army. As such, he works diligently so that God’s people as a whole may dwell in security despite living in the midst of this hostile world. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Jer. 23:5, 6</a>) In the near future, Christ will take the lead in conquering the nations in support of God’s sovereignty and in defending Jehovah’s people. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Rev. 17:12-14;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 19:11,</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 14, 15</a>) Before executing judgment, however, Sprout has a great work to accomplish. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>29 ¶12-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Zech. 6:11)</strong></a> You should take silver and gold and make a crown* and put it on the head of Joshua son of Je·hozʹa·dak, the high priest.</p><p></p><p>Or “a grand crown.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 11:1)</strong></a> A twig will grow out of the stump of Jesʹse, And a sprout from his roots will bear fruit.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 2:23)</strong></a> And he came and settled in a city named Nazʹa·reth, in order to fulfill what was spoken through the prophets: “He will be called a Naz·a·reneʹ.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Jer. 23:5, 6)</strong></a> “Look! The days are coming,” declares Jehovah, “when I will raise up to David a righteous sprout.* And a king will reign and show insight and uphold justice and righteousness in the land. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>In his days Judah will be saved, and Israel will reside in security. And this is the name by which he will be called: Jehovah Is Our Righteousness.”</p><p></p><p>Or “heir.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rev. 17:12-14)</strong></a> “The ten horns that you saw mean ten kings who have not yet received a kingdom, but they do receive authority as kings for one hour with the wild beast. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>These have one thought, so they give their power and authority to the wild beast. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>These will battle with the Lamb, but because he is Lord of lords and King of kings, the Lamb will conquer them. Also, those with him who are called and chosen and faithful will do so.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rev. 19:11)</strong></a> I saw heaven opened, and look! a white horse. And the one seated on it is called Faithful and True, and he judges and carries on war in righteousness.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Rev. 19:14, 15)</strong></a> Also, the armies in heaven were following him on white horses, and they were clothed in white, clean, fine linen. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>And out of his mouth protrudes a sharp, long sword with which to strike the nations, and he will shepherd them with a rod of iron. Moreover, he treads the winepress of the fury of the wrath of God the Almighty.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
