<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, January 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page7" class="pageNum" data-no="7" data-before-text="7"></span><strong>January</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Tuesday, January 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class = "themeScrp"><em>Evil men cannot understand justice.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 28:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">As the last days near their end, the wicked continue to “sprout like weeds.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 92:7</a>) It comes as no surprise, therefore, that moral standards are being abandoned. In this environment, how can we “be young children as to badness” yet “full-grown in [our] understanding”? (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 14:20</a>) The answer is found in our text for today, which says in part: “Those who seek Jehovah can understand everything”​—that is, everything necessary to please him. A similar thought is expressed at <span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Proverbs 2:7,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 9</a>, which says that Jehovah “treasures up practical wisdom for the upright.” As a result, the upright are able to “understand what is righteous and just and fair, the entire course of what is good.” Noah, Daniel, and Job acquired that wisdom. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Ezek. 14:14</a>) The same is true of God’s people today. What about you personally? Do you “understand everything” necessary to please Jehovah? The key is to have accurate knowledge of him. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>8 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 28:5)</strong></a> Evil men cannot understand justice, But those who seek Jehovah can understand everything.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 92:7)</strong></a> When the wicked sprout like weeds* And all the wrongdoers flourish, It is that they may be annihilated forever.</p><p></p><p>Or “grass.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 14:20)</strong></a> Brothers, do not become young children in your understanding, but be young children as to badness; and become full-grown in your understanding.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 2:7)</strong></a> He treasures up practical wisdom for the upright; He is a shield for those walking in integrity.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Prov. 2:9)</strong></a> Then you will understand what is righteous and just and fair, The entire course of what is good.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ezek. 14:14)</strong></a> “‘Even if these three men—Noah, Daniel, and Job—were within it, they would be able to save only themselves* because of their righteousness,’ declares the Sovereign Lord Jehovah.”</p><p></p><p>Or “their soul.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
