<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, January 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Sunday, January 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class = "themeScrp"><em>Keep working out your own salvation with fear and trembling.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 2:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">As a young baptized Christian, you are now responsible for your own salvation, even if you still live under your parents’ roof. Why is it important to remember that? Because you will face new feelings and pressures as you enter and pass through adolescence. One teenage girl put it this way: “A child usually won’t resent being one of Jehovah’s Witnesses just because of not having a piece of birthday cake at school. But in a few years when the urge to have sex becomes stronger, he or she needs to be thoroughly convinced that obeying Jehovah’s laws is always the best choice.” Even those who got baptized as adults face many unanticipated tests of faith. Such tests may have to do with marriage, health issues, or employment. Really, everyone, regardless of his or her age, will encounter situations that require faithfulness to Jehovah.​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jas. 1:12-14</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.12 </em>24 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:12)</strong></a> Consequently, my beloved ones, just as you have always obeyed, not only during my presence but now much more readily during my absence, keep working out your own salvation with fear and trembling.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:12-14)</strong></a> Happy is the man who keeps on enduring trial, because on becoming approved he will receive the crown of life, which Jehovah* promised to those who continue loving Him. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>When under trial, let no one say: “I am being tried by God.” For with evil things God cannot be tried, nor does he himself try anyone. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>But each one is tried by being drawn out and enticed* by his own desire.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Or “caught as by bait.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
