<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, January 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Monday, January 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class = "themeScrp"><em>I will show a waiting attitude for the God of my salvation.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Mic. 7:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">The conditions we face today are similar to those in the days of the prophet Micah. He lived during the reign of wicked King Ahaz, a time when all sorts of corruption prevailed. In fact, the people had become “expert at doing what is bad.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Mic. 7:1-3</a>) Micah realized that he could not personally change these conditions. If we have faith like that of Micah, we will be <em>willing </em>to wait for Jehovah. Our situation is not like that of a prisoner who is waiting in his cell for his execution. He is forced to wait, and he is not looking forward to the outcome. How different things are for us! We are willing to wait for Jehovah because we know that he will fulfill his promise to give us everlasting life at exactly the right time, the best time! So we “endure fully with patience <em>and joy.” </em>(<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Col. 1:11, 12</a>) To do otherwise​—to wait while complaining and grumbling that Jehovah is not acting fast enough—​would be displeasing to our God.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Col. 3:12</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>4 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Mic. 7:7)</strong></a> But as for me, I will keep on the lookout for Jehovah. I will show a waiting attitude* for the God of my salvation. My God will hear me.</p><p></p><p>Or “I will wait patiently.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Mic. 7:1-3)</strong></a> Woe to me! I am like one who, After the gathering of summer fruit And the gleaning following a grape harvest, Finds no cluster of grapes to eat, No early fig that I crave.*  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>The loyal one has perished* from the earth; Among men there is no one upright. All of them lie in ambush for bloodshed. Each hunts his own brother with a dragnet.  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Their hands are expert at doing what is bad; The prince is making demands, The judge asks for a reward, The prominent one makes known his desires,* And they work it out together.*</p><p></p><p>Or “my soul craves.”</p><p>Or “vanished.”</p><p>Or “the craving of his soul.”</p><p>Lit., “they weave it together.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Col. 1:11, 12)</strong></a> and may you be strengthened with all power according to his glorious might so that you may endure fully with patience and joy, <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>as you thank the Father, who made you qualify to share in the inheritance of the holy ones in the light.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Col. 3:12)</strong></a> Accordingly, as God’s chosen ones, holy and loved, clothe yourselves with the tender affections of compassion, kindness, humility,* mildness, and patience.</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
