<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, January 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Thursday, January 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class = "themeScrp"><em>I do all things for the sake of the good news, in order to share it with others.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 9:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">Many have found that using God’s Word in the ministry can have a profound impact on those to whom they preach. Consider an example. A brother made a return visit on an elderly gentleman who had read our magazines for a number of years. Instead of simply presenting the latest issue of <em>The Watchtower, </em>the brother decided to read a scripture found in that issue. He read <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Corinthians 1:3, 4</a>, which says: “The Father of tender mercies and the God of all comfort . . . comforts us in all our trials.” The householder was so moved by those words that he asked our brother to read the scripture a second time. The man mentioned how much he and his wife needed comfort, and he now showed interest in the Bible’s message. Would you not agree that God’s Word exerts power in our ministry?​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 19:20</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>26 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 9:23)</strong></a> But I do all things for the sake of the good news, in order to share it with others.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 1:3, 4)</strong></a> Praised be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of tender mercies and the God of all comfort, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>who comforts* us in all our trials* so that we may be able to comfort others in any sort of trial* with the comfort that we receive from God.</p><p></p><p>Or “encourages.”</p><p>Or “tribulation.”</p><p>Or “tribulation.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 19:20)</strong></a> Thus in a mighty way, the word of Jehovah kept growing and prevailing.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
