<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, January 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20"><span id="page9" class="pageNum" data-no="9" data-before-text="9"></span>Monday, January 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class = "themeScrp"><em>Be wrathful, but do not sin.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 4:26</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">Few people have been treated as badly as David was. Still, that friend of God did not allow resentment to gnaw away at him. Rather, he wrote: <em>“Let go </em>of anger and abandon rage; do not become upset and turn to doing evil.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 37:8</a>) The most important reason to “let go” of anger is to imitate Jehovah, who “has not dealt with us according to our sins.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 103:10</a>) But there are also practical benefits to ‘letting go’ of anger. Anger can cause such physical problems as high blood pressure and respiratory trouble. It can affect the liver and the pancreas, and it can cause digestive problems. When we are angry, we do not always think clearly. And at times a fit of anger may be followed by a prolonged period of depression. On the other hand, “a calm heart gives life to the body,” says the Bible. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Prov. 14:30</a>) How, then, can we deal with hurt feelings and gain our brother? We can do so successfully by applying the Bible’s wise advice. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>10 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:26)</strong></a> Be wrathful, but do not sin; do not let the sun set while you are still angry;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:8)</strong></a> Let go of anger and abandon rage; Do not become upset and turn to doing evil.*</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “Do not become upset, for it can only lead to harm.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 103:10)</strong></a> He has not dealt with us according to our sins, Nor has he repaid us what our errors deserve.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 14:30)</strong></a> A calm heart gives life* to the body, But jealousy is rottenness to the bones.</p><p></p><p>Or “health.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
