<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, January 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47"><span id="page12" class="pageNum" data-no="12" data-before-text="12"></span>Wednesday, January 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class = "themeScrp"><em>We should love, not in word or with the tongue, but in deed and truth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 John 3:18</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">We should be willing to perform acts of love for our brothers “in secret,” or out of the limelight, when this is possible. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 6:1-4</a>) We should also take the lead in showing honor to others. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 12:10</a>) Jesus set the pattern in honoring others by performing the lowliest of tasks. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">John 13:3-5,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 12-15</a>) We may have to work hard to develop the humility needed to show honor to others in this way. Even the apostles could not fully understand Jesus’ actions until they received holy spirit. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">John 13:7</a>) We can show honor to others by not thinking too much of ourselves because of our education, material possessions, or privileges in Jehovah’s service. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Rom. 12:3</a>) And rather than envying those who receive praise, we rejoice with them even if we feel that we deserve equal honor or a share of the credit for what was done. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>9 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 John 3:18)</strong></a> Little children, we should love, not in word or with the tongue, but in deed and truth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:1-4)</strong></a> “Take care not to practice your righteousness in front of men to be noticed by them; otherwise you will have no reward with your Father who is in the heavens. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>So when you make gifts of mercy, do not blow a trumpet ahead of you, as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets, so that they may be glorified by men. Truly I say to you, they have their reward in full. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>But you, when making gifts of mercy, do not let your left hand know what your right hand is doing, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>so that your gifts of mercy may be in secret. Then your Father who looks on in secret will repay you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:10)</strong></a> In brotherly love have tender affection for one another. In showing honor to one another, take the lead.*</p><p></p><p>Or “initiative.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 13:3-5)</strong></a> So Jesus, knowing that the Father had given all things into his hands and that he came from God and was going to God, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>got up from the evening meal and laid aside his outer garments. And taking a towel, he wrapped it around his waist. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>After that he put water into a basin and started to wash the feet of the disciples and to dry them off with the towel that was wrapped around him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 13:12-15)</strong></a> When, now, he had washed their feet and had put his outer garments on, he again reclined at the table and said to them: “Do you understand what I have done to you? <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>You address me as ‘Teacher’ and ‘Lord,’ and you are correct, for I am such. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>Therefore, if I, the Lord and Teacher, washed your feet, you also should wash the feet of one another. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>For I set the pattern for you, that just as I did to you, you should also do.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(John 13:7)</strong></a> Jesus answered him: “What I am doing you do not understand now, but you will understand after these things.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:3)</strong></a> For through the undeserved kindness given to me, I tell everyone there among you not to think more of himself than it is necessary to think, but to think so as to have a sound mind, each one as God has given* to him a measure of faith.</p><p></p><p>Or “apportioned; distributed.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
