<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, January 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38"><span id="page11" class="pageNum" data-no="11" data-before-text="11"></span>Sunday, January 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class = "themeScrp"><em>Each one will be like a hiding place from the wind, a place of concealment from the rainstorm, like streams of water in a waterless land, like the shadow of a massive crag in a parched land.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 32:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">Today, a Christian guilty of serious sin needs to seek the help of congregation elders to recover. Why is this so important? First, the arrangement for elders to handle cases of serious sin comes from Jehovah, as outlined in his Word. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jas. 5:14-16</a>) Second, this arrangement fortifies repentant wrongdoers to remain in God’s care and to avoid a pattern of sin. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gal. 6:1;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Heb. 12:11</a>) Third, elders are commissioned and trained to reassure repentant sinners, helping to ease their pain and guilt. Jehovah calls these older men “a refuge from the rainstorm.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Isa. 32:2</a>, ftn.) Would you not agree that this arrangement is an expression of God’s mercy? Many of God’s servants have discovered the relief that comes from seeking and receiving help from the elders. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>10 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 32:2)</strong></a> And each one will be like a hiding place* from the wind, A place of concealment* from the rainstorm, Like streams of water in a waterless land, Like the shadow of a massive crag in a parched land.</p><p></p><p>Or “a shelter.”</p><p>Or “A refuge.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jas. 5:14-16)</strong></a> Is there anyone sick among you? Let him call the elders of the congregation to him, and let them pray over him, applying oil to him in the name of Jehovah.* <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>And the prayer of faith will make the sick one* well, and Jehovah* will raise him up. Also, if he has committed sins, he will be forgiven. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>Therefore, openly confess your sins to one another and pray for one another, so that you may be healed. A righteous man’s supplication has a powerful effect.*</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Or possibly, “tired one.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Lit., “has much force when it is at work.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:1)</strong></a> Brothers, even if a man takes a false step before he is aware of it, you who have spiritual qualifications try to readjust such a man in a spirit of mildness. But keep an eye on yourself, for fear you too may be tempted.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 12:11)</strong></a> True, no discipline seems for the present to be joyous, but it is painful;* yet afterward, it yields the peaceable fruit of righteousness to those who have been trained by it.</p><p></p><p>Or “grievous.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Isa. 32:2)</strong></a> And each one will be like a hiding place* from the wind, A place of concealment* from the rainstorm, Like streams of water in a waterless land, Like the shadow of a massive crag in a parched land.</p><p></p><p>Or “a shelter.”</p><p>Or “A refuge.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
