<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, January 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Saturday, January 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class = "themeScrp">[<em>Bring up your children</em>] <em>in the discipline and admonition of Jehovah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 6:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">Raising children is a major undertaking, especially in today’s world. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Tim. 3:1-5</a>) Of course, children are not born knowing right from wrong. They are born with the faculty of conscience, but it needs to be educated, or disciplined. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 2:14, 15</a>) One Bible reference work suggests that the Greek word translated “discipline” might be rendered “child development.” Children who are lovingly disciplined usually feel secure. They learn that freedom has boundaries and that decisions and conduct have consequences​—good or bad. How important, then, that Christian parents look to Jehovah for guidance. Do not forget that ideas and methods vary from culture to culture and from generation to generation. When parents listen to God, successful child-rearing does not become a matter of guesswork; nor does it depend on human experience or human thinking. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>30 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:4)</strong></a> And fathers, do not be irritating your children, but go on bringing them up in the discipline and admonition* of Jehovah.*</p><p></p><p>Or “instruction; guidance.” Lit., “putting mind in.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:1-5)</strong></a> But know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, disloyal, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>having no natural affection, not open to any agreement, slanderers, without self-control, fierce, without love of goodness, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>betrayers, headstrong, puffed up with pride, lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God, <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>having an appearance of godliness but proving false to its power; and from these turn away.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 2:14, 15)</strong></a> For when people of the nations, who do not have law, do by nature the things of the law, these people, although not having law, are a law to themselves. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>They are the very ones who demonstrate the matter of the law to be written in their hearts, while their conscience is bearing witness with them, and by* their own thoughts they are being accused or even excused.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “between.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
