<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, January 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Tuesday, January 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class = "themeScrp"><em>A true friend shows love at all times.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 17:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">Because of world conditions, many of our brothers have become refugees. The transition can be overwhelming. Imagine trying to learn a new language and to adapt to new laws and expectations regarding manners, punctuality, taxes, bill paying, school attendance, and child discipline​—all at once! Can you patiently and respectfully help brothers and sisters who face such challenges? (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Phil. 2:3, 4</a>) Further, authorities have at times made it difficult for these brothers to contact the congregation. Some agencies have threatened to cut off assistance or deny our brothers asylum if they refuse to accept employment that requires them to miss meetings. Frightened and vulnerable, a few brothers have given in to such pressures. Therefore, it is urgent to meet our refugee brothers as soon as possible after their arrival. They need to see that we care about them. Our compassion and practical help can strengthen their faith.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 12:25</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>5 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 17:17)</strong></a> A true friend shows love at all times And is a brother who is born for times of distress.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:3, 4)</strong></a> Do nothing out of contentiousness or out of egotism, but with humility* consider others superior to you, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>as you look out not only for your own interests, but also for the interests of others.</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 12:25)</strong></a> Anxiety in a man’s heart weighs it down,* But a good word cheers it up.</p><p></p><p>Or “depresses him.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
