<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, January 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Wednesday, January 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class = "themeScrp"><em>The one showing favor to the lowly is lending to Jehovah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 19:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">Using material assets to advance Kingdom interests allows us to take advantage of our circumstances to help others. Those who have this world’s means but cannot share in the full-time ministry or move abroad have the satisfaction of knowing that their donated funds support the ministry of others. Voluntary contributions help to supply literature and support the preaching work in territories where poverty abounds but where there is great spiritual growth. For years, in such lands as Congo, Madagascar, and Rwanda, brothers often had to choose between having food for their families and having copies of the Bible, which sometimes cost the equivalent of a weekly or a monthly wage. Now, by means of the contributions of many and “an equalizing” of finances, Jehovah’s organization has sponsored the translation and distribution of Bibles to each member of the family as well as to spiritually hungry Bible students.​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 8:13-15</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>9 ¶11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 19:17)</strong></a> The one showing favor to the lowly is lending to Jehovah, And He will repay* him for what he does.</p><p></p><p>Or “reward.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 8:13-15)</strong></a> For I do not want to make it easy for others, but difficult for you; <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>but that by means of an equalizing, your surplus at the present time might offset their need, so that their surplus might also offset your deficiency, that there may be an equalizing. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Just as it is written: “The person with much did not have too much, and the person with little did not have too little.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
