<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, January 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Friday, January 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class = "themeScrp"><em>Strike his bone and flesh, and he will surely curse you to your very face.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Job 2:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">The Devil’s challenge no doubt aroused indignation, anger, and contempt among heavenly creatures loyal to God. Jehovah, however, did not react hastily. His response was measured and entirely fitting. He has been slow to anger and has been just in dealing with Satan’s revolt. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ex. 34:6;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Job 2:2-6</a>) Why? Jehovah has allowed time to pass because he does not want anyone to be destroyed but “desires all to attain to repentance.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Pet. 3:9</a>) Jehovah’s exercise of self-control teaches us that we too ought to weigh our words and consider our steps carefully; we should not rush into things. When you face an important issue, give yourself the time you need to act wisely. Pray for wisdom to say or do the right thing. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 141:3</a>) In the heat of the moment, it is all too easy to react emotionally. Many of us have lived to regret hasty words or rash actions!​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Prov. 14:29;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 15:28;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> 19:2</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>4 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Job 2:5)</strong></a> But, for a change, stretch out your hand and strike his bone and flesh, and he will surely curse you to your very face.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ex. 34:6)</strong></a> Jehovah was passing before him and declaring: “Jehovah, Jehovah, a God merciful and compassionate,* slow to anger and abundant in loyal love* and truth,*</p><p></p><p>Or “gracious.”</p><p>Or “loving-kindness.”</p><p>Or “faithfulness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Job 2:2-6)</strong></a> Then Jehovah said to Satan: “Where have you come from?” Satan answered Jehovah: “From roving about on the earth and from walking about in it.” <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>And Jehovah said to Satan: “Have you taken note of* my servant Job? There is no one like him on the earth. He is an upright man of integrity,* fearing God and shunning what is bad. He is still holding firmly to his integrity, even though you try to incite me against him to destroy* him for no reason.” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>But Satan answered Jehovah: “Skin for skin. A man will give everything that he has for his life.* <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>But, for a change, stretch out your hand and strike his bone and flesh, and he will surely curse you to your very face.” <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>Then Jehovah said to Satan: “Look! He is in your hand!* Only do not take his life!”*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “set your heart upon.”</p><p>Or “a blameless and upright man.”</p><p>Lit., “swallow.”</p><p>Or “soul.”</p><p>Or “under your control.”</p><p>Or “soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 3:9)</strong></a> Jehovah* is not slow concerning his promise, as some people consider slowness, but he is patient with you because he does not desire anyone to be destroyed but desires all to attain to repentance.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 141:3)</strong></a> Station a guard for my mouth, O Jehovah, Do set a watch over the door of my lips.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Prov. 14:29)</strong></a> The one who is slow to anger has great discernment, But the impatient one displays his foolishness.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Prov. 15:28)</strong></a> The heart of the righteous one meditates before answering,* But the mouth of the wicked blurts out bad things.</p><p></p><p>Or “carefully considers how to answer; thinks before speaking.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Prov. 19:2)</strong></a> A person* without knowledge is not good, And the one who acts rashly* is sinning.</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.”</p><p>Lit., “hastens with his feet.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
