<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, January 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29"><span id="page10" class="pageNum" data-no="10" data-before-text="10"></span>Thursday, January 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class = "themeScrp"><em>Let the peace of the Christ rule in your hearts.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 3:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">Love and kindness can help us to be forgiving toward one another. For example, if we feel hurt by the words or actions of a fellow Christian, we can try to recall occasions when <em>we </em>spoke or acted unkindly. Do we not appreciate the love and kindness of the brothers and sisters who overlooked our errors? (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eccl. 7:21, 22</a>) Especially are we thankful for Christ’s kindness in gathering true worshippers into unity. We all love the same God, preach the same message, and face many of the same challenges. By kindly and lovingly forgiving one another, we contribute to Christian unity and keep our eyes on the prize of life. Warning examples in the Bible remind us that jealousy can deprive us of the prize. For instance, Cain became jealous of his brother Abel and killed him. Korah, Dathan, and Abiram became jealous of Moses and opposed him. Also, King Saul became jealous of David’s success and tried to kill him. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>27 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 3:15)</strong></a> Also, let the peace of the Christ rule in your hearts,* for you were called to that peace in one body. And show yourselves thankful.</p><p></p><p>Or “control your hearts.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eccl. 7:21, 22)</strong></a> Also, do not take to heart every word that people say; otherwise, you may hear your servant calling down evil on* you; <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>for you well know in your heart that many times you yourself have called down evil on others.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “cursing.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
