<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, January 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019010"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Sunday, January 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class = "themeScrp"><em>Strip off the old personality with its practices.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 3:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">What would you do if your clothing became dirty, perhaps even having a foul odor? You would strip off the soiled garment as soon as possible. Similarly, we need to act with urgency in obeying the command to strip off habits that are contrary to God’s personality. We want to heed Paul’s clear instruction to Christians in his day: “You must put them all away from you.” One of the sinful practices listed by Paul is sexual immorality. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Col. 3:5-9</a>) The meaning of the original Bible word translated “sexual immorality” includes sexual relations between individuals who are not legally married to each other and homosexuality. Paul told fellow Christians to “deaden” their “body members”​—that is, to eliminate any desires—​“as respects sexual immorality.” Paul’s descriptive language clearly shows that strong measures are needed to wipe out such wrong desires. Yet, the fight against sinful desires can be won. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019010-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>18 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 3:9)</strong></a> Do not lie to one another. Strip off the old personality* with its practices,</p><p></p><p>Lit., “man.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Col. 3:5-9)</strong></a> Deaden, therefore, your body members that are on the earth as respects sexual immorality,* uncleanness, uncontrolled sexual passion, hurtful desire, and greediness, which is idolatry. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>On account of those things the wrath of God is coming. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>That is how you too used to conduct yourselves* in your former way of life.* <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>But now you must put them all away from you: wrath, anger, badness, abusive speech, and obscene talk out of your mouth. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Do not lie to one another. Strip off the old personality* with its practices,</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>por·neiʹa. </em>See Glossary.</p><p>Or “used to walk.”</p><p>Or “when you lived that way.”</p><p>Lit., “man.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
