<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, October 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Monday, October 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class = "themeScrp"><em>Commit to Jehovah whatever you do, and your plans will succeed.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 16:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">Full-time service brings you into contact with fellow full-time servants and helps you to mature as a Christian. Many have found that serving Jehovah fully during youth also helped them to have a more successful marriage. Often, those who pioneered before marriage have been able to continue in that service together as a married couple. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 16:3, 4</a>) Planning involves your heart. <span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Psalm 20:4</a> says of Jehovah: “May he grant you the desires of your heart and give success to all your plans.” So think about what you want to do with your life. Consider what Jehovah is doing in our time and how you can have a share in his service. Then plan to do what is pleasing to him. Serving Jehovah fully will bring you deep satisfaction because it is the way of life that honors God. Yes, “find exquisite delight in Jehovah, and he will grant you the desires of your heart.”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 37:4</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>26 ¶15-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 16:3)</strong></a> Commit to Jehovah whatever you do,* And your plans will succeed.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “Roll to Jehovah your works.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 16:3, 4)</strong></a> Give my greetings to Prisʹca and Aqʹui·la, my fellow workers in Christ Jesus, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>who have risked their own necks for me* and to whom not only I but also all the congregations of the nations give thanks.</p><p></p><p>Or “my soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 20:4)</strong></a> May he grant you the desires of your heart And give success to all your plans.*</p><p></p><p>Or “counsel.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:4)</strong></a> Find exquisite delight* in Jehovah, And he will grant you the desires of your heart.</p><p></p><p>Or “Find your greatest joy.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
