<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, October 31
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p92" data-pid="92"><span id="page108" class="pageNum" data-no="108" data-before-text="108"></span>Thursday, October 31</h2>
</header>
<p id="p93" data-pid="93" class = "themeScrp"><em>Know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Tim. 3:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p94" data-pid="94" class="p94">After foretelling that this present era would involve “critical times hard to deal with,” the apostle Paul was inspired to write: “Wicked men and impostors will advance from bad to worse.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Tim. 3:2-5,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 13</a>) Have you seen those prophetic words come true? Many of us have been victims of wicked people, such as violent bullies, hateful bigots, and vicious criminals. Some of those are openly wicked; others are impostors, hiding what they do under an appearance of righteousness. Even if we ourselves have not been victims, such wicked people still affect us. We are sickened at heart when we learn of their horrible acts. The way the wicked brutalize children, the elderly, and other defenseless ones fills us with horror. Wicked people exhibit a spirit that seems subhuman, animalistic, even demonic. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Jas. 3:15</a>) Happily, Jehovah’s Word counters such bad news with good news. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>10 ¶4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p95" data-pid="95" class="p95"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:1)</strong></a> But know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:2-5)</strong></a> For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, disloyal, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>having no natural affection, not open to any agreement, slanderers, without self-control, fierce, without love of goodness, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>betrayers, headstrong, puffed up with pride, lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God, <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>having an appearance of godliness but proving false to its power; and from these turn away.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:13)</strong></a> But wicked men and impostors will advance from bad to worse, misleading and being misled.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Jas. 3:15)</strong></a> This is not the wisdom that comes down from above; it is earthly, animalistic, demonic.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
