<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, October 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47"><span id="page103" class="pageNum" data-no="103" data-before-text="103"></span>Wednesday, October 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class = "themeScrp"><em>Present yourself approved to God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Tim. 2:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">Should we be surprised that many in modern times have made remarkable changes as a result of studying God’s Word? Not at all! Such experiences remind us of our first-century brothers and sisters, who had the heavenly hope. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 6:9-11</a>) After listing a number of types of people who will not inherit God’s Kingdom, the apostle Paul added: “That is what some of you <em>were.” </em>But they had changed with the help of the Scriptures and of God’s holy spirit. Even after accepting the truth, some had to overcome serious spiritual problems. The Bible mentions one anointed Christian in the first century who had to be disfellowshipped; later, he was reinstated. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 5:1-5;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 2 Cor. 2:5-8</a>) Do we not find it encouraging to consider the range of problems that our fellow believers have faced and that they have overcome by means of God’s Word? We surely want to make the best use of it. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>23-24 ¶2-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 2:15)</strong></a> Do your utmost to present yourself approved to God, a workman with nothing to be ashamed of, handling the word of the truth aright.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 6:9-11)</strong></a> Or do you not know that unrighteous people will not inherit God’s Kingdom? Do not be misled.* Those who are sexually immoral,* idolaters, adulterers, men who submit to homosexual acts, men who practice homosexuality,* <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>thieves, greedy people, drunkards, revilers,* and extortioners will not inherit God’s Kingdom. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>And yet that is what some of you were. But you have been washed clean; you have been sanctified; you have been declared righteous in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and with the spirit of our God.</p><p></p><p>Or “deceived.”</p><p>See Glossary, “Sexual immorality.”</p><p>Or “men who have sex with men.” Lit., “men who lie with men.”</p><p>Or “the verbally abusive.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 5:1-5)</strong></a> Actually sexual immorality* is reported among you, and such immorality* as is not even found among the nations—of a man living with* his father’s wife. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>And are you proud of it? Should you not rather mourn, so that the man who committed this deed should be taken away from your midst? <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Although absent in body, I am present in spirit, and I have already judged the man who has done this, as if I were actually with you. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>When you are gathered together in the name of our Lord Jesus, and knowing that I am with you in spirit along with the power of our Lord Jesus, <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>you must hand such a man over to Satan for the destruction of the flesh, so that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord.</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>por·neiʹa. </em>See Glossary.</p><p>Greek, <em>por·neiʹa. </em>See Glossary.</p><p>Lit., “having.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 2:5-8)</strong></a> Now if anyone has caused sadness, he has saddened, not me, but all of you to an extent—not to be too harsh in what I say. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>This rebuke given by the majority is sufficient for such a man; <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>now you should instead kindly forgive and comfort him, so that he may not be overwhelmed* by excessive sadness. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>I therefore exhort you to confirm your love for him.</p><p></p><p>Or “swallowed up.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
