<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, October 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Sunday, October 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class = "themeScrp"><em>If I do not understand . . . the one speaking, . . . the one speaking will be a foreigner to me.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 14:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">If children do not identify with their parents’ culture, they may resist learning their parents’ language​—and their faith. Christian parents put their children’s spiritual well-being ahead of personal preferences. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 10:24</a>) A brother named Samuel relates: “My wife and I observed our children to see in which language they thrived spiritually, and we prayed for wisdom. . . . When we saw that they were getting little benefit from the meetings in our language, we decided to move to the local-language congregation. Together, we regularly attended meetings and shared in the ministry. We also invited local friends to join us for meals and excursions. All of this helped our children to get to know the brothers and to get to know Jehovah, not only as their God but also as their Father and Friend. We considered this to be much more important than their mastering our language.” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>10 ¶11-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 14:11)</strong></a> For if I do not understand the sense of the speech, I will be a foreigner to the one speaking, and the one speaking will be a foreigner to me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 10:24)</strong></a> Let each one keep seeking, not his own advantage, but that of the other person.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
