<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, October 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Sunday, October 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class = "themeScrp"><em>O Daniel, you very precious man.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Dan. 10:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">Today, we live in a world that has been morally and spiritually corrupted by Babylon the Great, the world empire of false religion, “a dwelling place of demons.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rev. 18:2</a>) Hence, we stand out as different, even becoming targets for ridicule. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Mark 13:13</a>) Like Daniel, therefore, let us draw close to Jehovah, our God. When we humbly and obediently trust in him, we too will be precious in his eyes. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Hag. 2:7</a>) Parents can learn from the example of Daniel’s parents. How so? Despite the wickedness that prevailed in Judah during Daniel’s early childhood, the boy grew to love God. This reflected good parental training. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Prov. 22:6</a>) Even Daniel’s name, which means “My Judge Is God,” points to God-fearing parents. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Dan. 1:6</a>, ftn.) So parents, do not give up on your children, but teach them patiently. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Eph. 6:4</a>) Also, pray with them and for them. When you strive to impress Bible truth on their hearts, you invite Jehovah’s rich blessing.​—<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Ps. 37:5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>5 ¶12;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation2"> 6 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Dan. 10:11)</strong></a> Then he said to me: “O Daniel, you very precious* man, give attention to the words that I am about to speak to you. Now stand up in your place, for I have been sent to you.” When he said this to me, I stood up, trembling.</p><p></p><p>Or “very desirable; highly esteemed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 18:2)</strong></a> And he cried out with a strong voice, saying: “She has fallen! Babylon the Great has fallen, and she has become a dwelling place of demons and a place where every unclean spirit* and every unclean and hated bird lurks!</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “breath; exhalation; inspired statement.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Mark 13:13)</strong></a> And you will be hated by all people on account of my name. But the one who has endured to the end will be saved.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Hag. 2:7)</strong></a> “‘And I will shake all the nations, and the precious* things of all the nations will come in; and I will fill this house with glory,’ says Jehovah of armies.</p><p></p><p>Or “desirable.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Prov. 22:6)</strong></a> Train a boy* in the way he should go; Even when he grows old he will not depart from it.</p><p></p><p>Or “child; youth.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Dan. 1:6)</strong></a> Now among them were some from the tribe* of Judah: Daniel,* Han·a·niʹah,* Mishʹa·el,* and Az·a·riʹah.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “sons.”</p><p>Meaning “My Judge Is God.”</p><p>Meaning “Jehovah Has Shown Favor.”</p><p>Possibly meaning “Who Is Like God?”</p><p>Meaning “Jehovah Has Helped.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:4)</strong></a> And fathers, do not be irritating your children, but go on bringing them up in the discipline and admonition* of Jehovah.*</p><p></p><p>Or “instruction; guidance.” Lit., “putting mind in.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:5)</strong></a> Commit your way to* Jehovah; Rely on him, and he will act in your behalf.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “Roll your way upon.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
