<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, October 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Saturday, October 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class = "themeScrp"><em>Listen to your father who caused your birth, and do not despise your mother just because she has grown old.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 23:22</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">On occasion, new ones ask mature publishers to help them teach their children the truth. If a parent decides to have someone study with the children, the one who does so should not try to take over the role of the parents. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 6:1-4</a>) There have been instances when a Witness was asked to study with children whose parents were not interested in the truth. The Witness needs to bear in mind, though, that in providing spiritual help, he or she does not become the children’s parent. And if such a study is conducted, it would be wise to do so either in the children’s home with the parents or another mature Witness around or in a suitable public area. Thus no one would have a basis to misconstrue what is occurring. It is to be hoped that the parents will, in time, fulfill their God-given responsibility to care spiritually for their children. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>8 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 23:22)</strong></a> Listen to your father who caused your birth, And do not despise your mother just because she has grown old.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:1-4)</strong></a> Children, be obedient to your parents in union with the Lord, for this is righteous. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>“Honor your father and your mother” is the first command with a promise: <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>“That it may go well with you* and you may remain a long time on the earth.” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>And fathers, do not be irritating your children, but go on bringing them up in the discipline and admonition* of Jehovah.*</p><p></p><p>Or “That you may prosper.”</p><p>Or “instruction; guidance.” Lit., “putting mind in.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
