<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, October 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65"><span id="page105" class="pageNum" data-no="105" data-before-text="105"></span>Tuesday, October 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class = "themeScrp"><em>Praise Jah! . . . How pleasant and fitting it is to praise him!​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 147:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">When someone has done well at an assigned task or has displayed a remarkable Christian quality, he deserves praise. If that is true of humans, how much more do we have reason to praise Jehovah God! We can praise him because of his immense power, as seen in the wonders of his creation, or because of his warm dealings with humankind, as evidenced by his provision of the ransom sacrifice of his own Son. The writer of the 147th Psalm was moved to praise Jehovah. He also encouraged others to join him in giving God praise. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 147:7,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 12</a>) We do not know who wrote this psalm, but the psalmist apparently lived about the time when Jehovah restored the Israelites to Jerusalem from Babylonian exile. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 147:2</a>) The restoration of God’s people to their place of true worship would certainly have moved the psalmist to praise Jehovah. What reasons do you have to cry out “Hallelujah!” in your own life?​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 147:1</a>, ftn. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>17 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 147:1)</strong></a> Praise Jah!* It is good to sing praises* to our God; How pleasant and fitting it is to praise him!</p><p></p><p>Or “Hallelujah!” “Jah” is a shortened form of the name Jehovah.</p><p>Or “make music.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 147:7)</strong></a> Sing to Jehovah with thanksgiving; Sing praises to our God, accompanied by the harp,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 147:12)</strong></a> Glorify Jehovah, O Jerusalem. Praise your God, O Zion.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 147:2)</strong></a> Jehovah is building Jerusalem; He gathers together the dispersed ones of Israel.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 147:1)</strong></a> Praise Jah!* It is good to sing praises* to our God; How pleasant and fitting it is to praise him!</p><p></p><p>Or “Hallelujah!” “Jah” is a shortened form of the name Jehovah.</p><p>Or “make music.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
