<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, October 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Friday, October 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class = "themeScrp"><em>You must love your neighbor as yourself.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jas. 2:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">James added: “If you continue showing favoritism, you are committing sin.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jas. 2:9</a>) In contrast, love will move us to avoid any discrimination based on education, race, or social status. Indeed, impartiality needs to be more than a veneer. It must be a genuine part of our personality. Love is also “patient and kind” and “does not get puffed up.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 13:4</a>) It truly takes patience, kindness, and humility to continue sharing the Kingdom message with our neighbors. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 28:19</a>) These same qualities make it easier for us to get along with <em>all </em>the brothers and sisters in the congregation. What is the reward for showing such love? It produces united congregations that reflect well on Jehovah and that attract newly interested ones. Fittingly, the Bible’s description of the new personality concludes with this powerful truth: “Besides all these things, clothe yourselves with love, for it is a perfect bond of union.”​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Col. 3:14</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>26 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jas. 2:8)</strong></a> If, now, you carry out the royal* law according to the scripture, “You must love your neighbor as yourself,” you are doing quite well.</p><p></p><p>Or “kingly.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jas. 2:9)</strong></a> But if you continue showing favoritism, you are committing sin, and you are convicted* by the law as transgressors.</p><p></p><p>Or “reproved.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 13:4)</strong></a> Love is patient* and kind. Love is not jealous. It does not brag, does not get puffed up,</p><p></p><p>Or “long-suffering.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Col. 3:14)</strong></a> But besides all these things, clothe yourselves with love, for it is a perfect bond of union.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
