<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, October 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Tuesday, October 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class = "themeScrp"><em>I have not done anything here for which they should put me in prison.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 40:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">Although Joseph did not forget the wrongs he suffered throughout his 13-year ordeal, he did not become embittered by them. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 45:5-8</a>) Most important, he did not allow the imperfections and wrong actions of others to separate him from Jehovah. Joseph’s loyalty gave him the opportunity to see Jehovah’s hand in correcting the injustices and in blessing him and his family. In a similar way, we must cherish and guard our relationship with Jehovah. Never should we allow the imperfections of our brothers to separate us from the God we love and worship. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 8:38, 39</a>) Instead, if we experience injustice at the hands of a fellow worshipper, let us be like Joseph and draw even closer to Jehovah, striving to have his view of matters. When we have done all that we Scripturally can to remedy the situation, we need to leave the matter in Jehovah’s hands, confident that he will correct it in his own time and way. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>20 ¶12;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation2"> 22 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 40:15)</strong></a> I was, in fact, kidnapped from the land of the Hebrews, and I have not done anything here for which they should put me in prison.”*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the cistern; the pit.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 45:5-8)</strong></a> But now do not be upset and do not reproach one another because you sold me here; because God has sent me ahead of you for the preservation of life. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>This is the second year of the famine in the land, and there are yet five years in which there will be no plowing or harvest. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>But God sent me ahead of you in order to preserve for you a remnant on the earth* and to keep you alive by a great deliverance. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>So, then, it was not you who sent me here, but it was the true God, in order to appoint me as chief adviser* to Pharʹaoh and lord for all his house and ruler over all the land of Egypt.</p><p></p><p>Or “in the land.”</p><p>Lit., “as father.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:38, 39)</strong></a> For I am convinced that neither death nor life nor angels nor governments nor things now here nor things to come nor powers <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>nor height nor depth nor any other creation will be able to separate us from God’s love that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
