<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, October 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Friday, October 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class = "themeScrp"><em>I am clean from the blood of all men.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 20:26</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">Like Paul, we should strive to cultivate a godly view of life. Jehovah “desires all to attain to repentance.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Pet. 3:9</a>) Do you? You may find that kindling a merciful attitude in your heart will motivate you to increase your zeal in the ministry and fill you with more joy as you do so. We also share Jehovah’s view of life by cultivating a proper attitude toward safety. We must drive and work safely, even when we are building, maintaining, or traveling to places of worship. Never put production, finances, or schedules ahead of safety and health. Our just God <em>always </em>does what is right and proper. We want to be like him. Elders in particular strive to be conscious of both their own safety and the safety of those working around them. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 22:3</a>) If an elder reminds you of safety rules and standards, therefore, accept his counsel. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gal. 6:1</a>) View life as Jehovah views it, and “no bloodguilt will come upon you.”​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Deut. 19:10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>16 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 20:26)</strong></a> So I call you to witness this very day that I am clean from the blood of all men,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 3:9)</strong></a> Jehovah* is not slow concerning his promise, as some people consider slowness, but he is patient with you because he does not desire anyone to be destroyed but desires all to attain to repentance.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 22:3)</strong></a> The shrewd one sees the danger and conceals himself, But the inexperienced keep right on going and suffer the consequences.*</p><p></p><p>Or “penalty.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:1)</strong></a> Brothers, even if a man takes a false step before he is aware of it, you who have spiritual qualifications try to readjust such a man in a spirit of mildness. But keep an eye on yourself, for fear you too may be tempted.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Deut. 19:10)</strong></a> In this way no innocent blood will be spilled in your land that Jehovah your God is giving you as an inheritance, and no bloodguilt will come upon you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
