<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, October 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29"><span id="page101" class="pageNum" data-no="101" data-before-text="101"></span>Thursday, October 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class = "themeScrp"><em>I know </em>[<em>my brother</em>] <em>will rise in the resurrection on the last day.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 11:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">As did Martha, Jehovah’s loyal servants knew that a future time of resurrection was in store. Think of what God told Abraham to do with Isaac, the long-awaited heir. Jehovah said: “Take, please, your son, your only son whom you so love, Isaac, and . . . offer him up . . . as a burnt offering.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 22:2</a>) Imagine the feelings that such a command would stir up. Jehovah had promised that through Abraham’s offspring all nations would be blessed. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 13:14-16;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 18:18;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Rom. 4:17, 18</a>) Also, Jehovah said that the blessing would come “through Isaac.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Gen. 21:12</a>) But how could that occur if Abraham put Isaac to death as a sacrifice? Paul was inspired to explain that Abraham believed that God was able to raise Isaac from the dead. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Heb. 11:17-19</a>) Abraham could not know when his son would be raised to life again. But he trusted that Jehovah would resurrect Isaac. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.12 </em>5-6 ¶12-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 11:24)</strong></a> Martha said to him: “I know he will rise in the resurrection on the last day.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 22:2)</strong></a> Then he said: “Take, please, your son, your only son whom you so love, Isaac, and travel to the land of Mo·riʹah and offer him up there as a burnt offering on one of the mountains that I will designate to you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 13:14-16)</strong></a> Jehovah said to Aʹbram, after Lot had separated from him: “Raise your eyes, please, and look from the place where you are, to the north and south, east and west, <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>because all the land that you see, I will give to you and your offspring* as a lasting possession. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>And I will make your offspring* like the dust particles of the earth, so that if anyone could count the dust particles of the earth, then your offspring* could be counted.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gen. 18:18)</strong></a> Why, Abraham is surely going to become a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth will be blessed* by means of him.</p><p></p><p>Or “will obtain a blessing for themselves.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rom. 4:17, 18)</strong></a> (This is just as it is written: “I have appointed you a father of many nations.”) This was in the sight of God, in whom he had faith, who makes the dead alive and calls the things that are not as though they are.* <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>Although beyond hope, yet based on hope, he had faith that he would become the father of many nations according to what had been said: “So your offspring* will be.”</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “calls into existence what does not exist.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Gen. 21:12)</strong></a> Then God said to Abraham: “Do not be displeased by what Sarah is saying to you about the boy and about your slave girl. Listen to her,* for what will be called your offspring* will be through Isaac.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “to her voice.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Heb. 11:17-19)</strong></a> By faith Abraham, when he was tested, as good as offered up Isaac—the man who had gladly received the promises attempted to offer up his only-begotten son— <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>although it had been said to him: “What will be called your offspring* will be through Isaac.” <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>But he reasoned that God was able to raise him up even from the dead, and he did receive him from there in an illustrative way.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
