<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, October 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11"><span id="page99" class="pageNum" data-no="99" data-before-text="99"></span>Friday, October 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class = "themeScrp"><em>Wicked men and impostors will advance from bad to worse.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Tim. 3:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">Many health-care professionals work among those infected with contagious diseases. They care for their patients because they want to help them. In doing so, however, they need to protect themselves so that they do not become infected with the disease they are seeking to treat. Likewise, many of us live and work with those who are infected with attitudes and characteristics that run counter to godly qualities. This presents a challenge for us. These last days are a time of moral chaos. The apostle Paul’s second letter to Timothy describes the characteristics of people who are alienated from God. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Tim. 3:1-5</a>) Though we may be shocked by the prevalence of such qualities, we could be influenced by the behavior and attitudes of those who display them. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 13:20</a>) Therefore, we must protect ourselves from being infected with negative traits while at the same time helping others spiritually. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>27 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:13)</strong></a> But wicked men and impostors will advance from bad to worse, misleading and being misled.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:1-5)</strong></a> But know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, disloyal, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>having no natural affection, not open to any agreement, slanderers, without self-control, fierce, without love of goodness, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>betrayers, headstrong, puffed up with pride, lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God, <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>having an appearance of godliness but proving false to its power; and from these turn away.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 13:20)</strong></a> The one walking with the wise will become wise, But the one who has dealings with the stupid will fare badly.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
