<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, October 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Sunday, October 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class = "themeScrp"><em>When I act, who can prevent it?​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 43:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">While in a prison hole in Egypt, did Joseph have any idea that he would be appointed to the second-highest position in the land or that he would be used by Jehovah to save his family from starvation? (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 40:15</a>, ftn.; <span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">41:39-43</a>; <span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">50:20</a>) No doubt Jehovah’s actions exceeded all of Joseph’s expectations. Did aged Sarah expect that Jehovah would allow her to give birth to a son? The birth of Isaac certainly exceeded all that Sarah could ever have imagined. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Gen. 21:1-3,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 6, 7</a>) Granted, we do not expect that Jehovah will miraculously take away all our problems before the promised new world; nor do we demand that spectacular things occur in our lives. But we do know that the God who helped his servants in amazing ways is our God, Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Isa. 43:10-12</a>) We know that he can do whatever is needed to empower us to accomplish his will fully. (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">2 Cor. 4:7-9</a>) Yes, Jehovah can help us to conquer the seemingly unconquerable if we remain faithful to him. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>11-12 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 43:13)</strong></a> Also, I am always the same One; And no one can snatch anything out of my hand. When I act, who can prevent it?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 40:15)</strong></a> I was, in fact, kidnapped from the land of the Hebrews, and I have not done anything here for which they should put me in prison.”*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the cistern; the pit.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 41:39-43)</strong></a> Pharʹaoh then said to Joseph: “Since God has caused you to know all of this, there is no one as discreet and wise as you. <strong><sup>40 </sup></strong>You will personally be over my house, and all my people will obey you implicitly. Only in my role as king* will I be greater than you.” <strong><sup>41 </sup></strong>And Pharʹaoh added to Joseph: “See, I am putting you over all the land of Egypt.” <strong><sup>42 </sup></strong>Then Pharʹaoh removed his signet ring from his own hand and put it on Joseph’s hand and clothed him with garments of fine linen and placed a necklace of gold around his neck. <strong><sup>43 </sup></strong>Moreover, he had him ride in the second chariot of honor that he had, and they would call out ahead of him, <em>“A·vrékh!”</em>* Thus he put him over all the land of Egypt.</p><p></p><p>Or “Only with regard to the throne.”</p><p>Apparently a term calling for honor and dignity to be shown.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gen. 50:20)</strong></a> Although you meant to harm me, God intended it to turn out well and to preserve many people alive, as he is doing today.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Gen. 21:1-3)</strong></a> Jehovah turned his attention to Sarah just as he had said, and Jehovah did for Sarah what he had promised. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>So Sarah became pregnant and then bore a son to Abraham in his old age at the appointed time God had promised him. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Abraham named his newborn son, whom Sarah bore to him, Isaac.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Gen. 21:6, 7)</strong></a> Then Sarah said: “God has brought me laughter; everybody hearing of it will laugh with me.”* <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>And she added: “Who would have said to Abraham, ‘Sarah will certainly nurse children’? Yet, I have given birth to a son for him in his old age.”</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “laugh at me.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Isa. 43:10-12)</strong></a> “You are my witnesses,” declares Jehovah, “Yes, my servant whom I have chosen, So that you may know and have faith in me* And understand that I am the same One. Before me no God was formed, And after me there has been none. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>I—I am Jehovah, and besides me there is no savior.” <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>“I am the One who declared and saved and made known When there was no foreign god among you. So you are my witnesses,” declares Jehovah, “and I am God.</p><p></p><p>Or “and trust me.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 4:7-9)</strong></a> However, we have this treasure in earthen vessels,* so that the power beyond what is normal may be God’s and not from us. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>We are hard-pressed in every way, but not cramped beyond movement; we are perplexed, but not absolutely with no way out;* <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>we are persecuted, but not abandoned; we are knocked down, but not destroyed.</p><p></p><p>Or “in jars of clay.”</p><p>Or possibly, “not left in despair.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
