<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, October 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Wednesday, October 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class = "themeScrp"><em>My feet had almost strayed.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 73:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">What if your son or daughter begins to express doubts at some point after baptism? For example, a baptized adolescent may seem attracted to the things of the world or may begin to question the wisdom of living by Bible principles. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 73:1,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 3,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 12, 13</a>) As a parent, realize that how you handle such questioning on the part of your son or daughter may influence whether your child will choose to draw closer to your faith or he will draw away from it. Be determined not to declare war with your child over this issue, whether he is still quite young or he is now an adolescent. Your goal should be to provide loving support and help in a winning way. Of course, a youth who is baptized has made a solemn dedication to Jehovah. That dedication is a promise to love God and to put his will above everything else. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Mark 12:30</a>) Jehovah does not take that promise lightly, and it should not be taken lightly by anyone who has made it.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Eccl. 5:4, 5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.12 </em>22 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 73:2)</strong></a> As for me, my feet had almost strayed; My steps had nearly slipped.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 73:1)</strong></a> God is truly good to Israel, to those pure in heart.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 73:3)</strong></a> For I became envious of the arrogant* When I would see the peace of the wicked.</p><p></p><p>Or “boasters.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 73:12, 13)</strong></a> Yes, these are the wicked, who always have it easy. They keep increasing their wealth. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Surely in vain I have kept my heart pure And washed my hands in innocence.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Mark 12:30)</strong></a> and you must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind and with your whole strength.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Eccl. 5:4, 5)</strong></a> Whenever you make a vow to God, do not delay to pay it, for he finds no pleasure in the stupid ones. What you vow, pay. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>Better for you not to vow than to vow and not pay.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
