<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, October 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Thursday, October 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class = "themeScrp"><em>We should love, not in word or with the tongue, but in deed and truth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 John 3:18</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">Love based on right principles (<em>a·gaʹpe</em>) is a gift from Jehovah. He is its Source. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 John 4:7</a>) This kind of love is the highest form of love. While it can include affection and warmth, it is primarily identified by unselfish actions for the good of others. According to one reference work, <em>a·gaʹpe </em>“can be known only from the actions it prompts.” When we show or are shown unselfish love, our lives are enriched, being filled with joy and meaning. Jehovah showed love for humans even before he created Adam and Eve. He made the earth to be man’s everlasting home, a place where man does not just survive but enjoys life to the full. Jehovah did this solely for our benefit, not for personal gain. He further showed unselfish love by blessing his children on earth with the prospect of living forever in the Paradise that he had prepared for them. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>7 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 John 3:18)</strong></a> Little children, we should love, not in word or with the tongue, but in deed and truth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 John 4:7)</strong></a> Beloved ones, let us continue loving one another, because love is from God, and everyone who loves has been born from God and knows God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
