<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, October 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74"><span id="page106" class="pageNum" data-no="106" data-before-text="106"></span>Friday, October 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class = "themeScrp"><em>If anyone does not provide for those . . . who are members of his household, he has disowned the faith.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Tim. 5:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">Family heads today recognize that they have a Scriptural responsibility to provide for their family’s material needs. They must work hard to fulfill this obligation. However, in these last days, secular work is often a source of anxiety. As a result of fierce competition for a limited number of jobs, many employees feel compelled to work more hours, sometimes for less pay. Also, the constant push for increased production takes a heavy toll on people physically, mentally, and emotionally. Employees who are unwilling to make such sacrifices for their company risk losing their jobs. As Christians, we owe our primary loyalty to Jehovah God, not to our employer. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 10:27</a>) Secular work is simply a means to an end. We work to provide our basic material needs and to support our ministry. If we are not careful, however, secular work could interfere with our worship. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>23 ¶5-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 5:8)</strong></a> Certainly if anyone does not provide for those who are his own, and especially for those who are members of his household, he has disowned the faith and is worse than a person without faith.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 10:27)</strong></a> In answer he said: “‘You must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole strength and with your whole mind’ and ‘your neighbor as yourself.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
