<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, October 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Monday, October 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class = "themeScrp"><em>Prove yourselves cautious as serpents and yet innocent as doves.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 10:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">Many of today’s refugees come from countries where our preaching work is restricted. Thanks to zealous Witnesses in the lands receiving refugees, thousands of refugees are hearing “the word of the Kingdom” for the first time. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 13:19,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 23</a>) Many who are “loaded down” are finding spiritual refreshment at our meetings and quickly acknowledge: “God is really among you.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 11:28-30;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 1 Cor. 14:25</a>) Those who preach to refugees need to be “cautious” and even “shrewd.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Prov. 22:3</a>) Listen patiently to their concerns, but do not discuss politics. Follow directions from the branch office and from local authorities; never put yourself or others at risk. Learn and respect refugees’ religious and cultural sensitivities. For instance, people from some lands have strong feelings about proper dress for women. Therefore, when preaching to refugees, dress so as not to cause needless offense. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>7 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 10:16)</strong></a> “Look! I am sending you out as sheep among wolves; so prove yourselves cautious as serpents and yet innocent as doves.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 13:19)</strong></a> Where anyone hears the word of the Kingdom but does not get the sense of it, the wicked one comes and snatches away what has been sown in his heart; this is the one sown alongside the road.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 13:23)</strong></a> As for the one sown upon the fine soil, this is the one hearing the word and getting the sense of it, who really does bear fruit and produces, this one 100 times more, that one 60, the other 30.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:28-30)</strong></a> Come to me, all you who are toiling* and loaded down, and I will refresh you. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>Take my yoke upon you and learn from me,* for I am mild-tempered and lowly in heart, and you will find refreshment for yourselves. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>For my yoke is kindly,* and my load is light.”</p><p></p><p>Or “struggling hard.” Or possibly, “weary; tired.”</p><p>Or “become my disciples (learners).”</p><p>Or “easy to bear; pleasant.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 14:25)</strong></a> The secrets of his heart then become evident, so that he will fall facedown and worship God, declaring: “God is really among you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Prov. 22:3)</strong></a> The shrewd one sees the danger and conceals himself, But the inexperienced keep right on going and suffer the consequences.*</p><p></p><p>Or “penalty.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
