<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, October 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23">Tuesday, October 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class = "themeScrp"><em>I will refresh you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 11:28</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">Jesus added: “Take my yoke upon you . . . For my yoke is kindly, and my load is light.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 11:29, 30</a>) How true that statement is! At times, we may feel exhausted when we leave home to attend a congregation meeting or to engage in the field ministry. But how do we feel when we return? Refreshed​—and better prepared to deal with life’s trials. Jesus’ yoke is kindly indeed! A sister whom we will call Kayla has had to battle with chronic fatigue syndrome, depression, and migraine headaches. Understandably, she has sometimes found it difficult to attend congregation meetings. However, after she made the effort to attend a public meeting, she wrote: “The talk was about discouragement. The information was presented in such an empathetic and concerned way that I was moved to tears. I was reminded that the meetings are where I need to be.” How happy she was that she made the effort to attend! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>8-9 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:28)</strong></a> Come to me, all you who are toiling* and loaded down, and I will refresh you.</p><p></p><p>Or “struggling hard.” Or possibly, “weary; tired.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:29, 30)</strong></a> Take my yoke upon you and learn from me,* for I am mild-tempered and lowly in heart, and you will find refreshment for yourselves. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>For my yoke is kindly,* and my load is light.”</p><p></p><p>Or “become my disciples (learners).”</p><p>Or “easy to bear; pleasant.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
