<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, October 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Saturday, October 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class = "themeScrp"><em>Let no man deprive you of the prize.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 2:18</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">Like the apostle Paul, spirit-anointed Christians today have the precious prospect of receiving “the prize of the upward call of God.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Phil. 3:14</a>) They look forward to serving with Jesus Christ in his heavenly Kingdom and sharing with him in bringing mankind to perfection. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rev. 20:6</a>) What a wonderful goal such ones have been invited by God to pursue! The other sheep have a different hope. They look forward to gaining the prize of everlasting life on earth​—and what a happy prospect that is! (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Pet. 3:13</a>) To help fellow anointed Christians to stay faithful and attain the prize, Paul urged them: “Keep your minds fixed on the things above.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Col. 3:2</a>) They were to keep in mind the precious hope of receiving their heavenly inheritance. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Col. 1:4, 5</a>) Indeed, contemplating the blessings that Jehovah sets before his people helps all of God’s servants to keep their eyes on the prize.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">1 Cor. 9:24</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>25 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 2:18)</strong></a> Let no man deprive you of the prize who takes delight in a false humility and a form of worship of the angels, “taking his stand on”* the things he has seen. He is actually puffed up without proper cause by his fleshly frame of mind,</p><p></p><p>Quoted from pagan mystery (initiation) rites.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Phil. 3:14)</strong></a> I am pressing on toward the goal for the prize of the upward call of God by means of Christ Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 20:6)</strong></a> Happy and holy is anyone having part in the first resurrection; over these the second death has no authority, but they will be priests of God and of the Christ, and they will rule as kings with him for the 1,000 years.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 3:13)</strong></a> But there are new heavens and a new earth that we are awaiting according to his promise, and in these righteousness is to dwell.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Col. 3:2)</strong></a> Keep your minds fixed on the things above, not on the things on the earth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Col. 1:4, 5)</strong></a> since we heard of your faith in Christ Jesus and the love you have for all the holy ones <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>because of the hope that is being reserved for you in the heavens. You previously heard about this hope through the message of truth of the good news</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 9:24)</strong></a> Do you not know that the runners in a race all run, but only one receives the prize? Run in such a way that you may win it.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
