<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, October 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8">Thursday, October 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class = "themeScrp"><em>Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need, since the Kingdom of the heavens belongs to them.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 5:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">The Bible speaks highly of spiritually-minded people. <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Romans 8:6</a> shows the advantage of being spiritually-minded, saying: “Setting the mind on the flesh means death, but setting the mind on the spirit means life and peace.” By focusing on spiritual things, we gain peace with God and with ourselves now and the prospect of everlasting life in the future. However, we live in a dangerous environment. Since fleshly attitudes are all around us, we need to put forth real effort to develop spirituality and to guard it once we have it. If a person loses his spirituality, he creates a moral vacuum and the polluted “air” of this world will rush in. Jude spoke of those who would deteriorate even to the point of “not having spirituality.”​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Jude 18, 19</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>19 ¶5,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation2"> 7;</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation3"> 20 ¶8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:3)</strong></a> “Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need, since the Kingdom of the heavens belongs to them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:6)</strong></a> For setting the mind on the flesh means death, but setting the mind on the spirit means life and peace;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jude 18, 19)</strong></a> how they used to say to you: “In the last time there will be ridiculers, following their own desires for ungodly things.” <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>These are the ones who cause divisions, animalistic men,* not having spirituality.*</p><p></p><p>Or “physical men.”</p><p>Lit., “the spirit.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
