<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, October 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71">Thursday, October 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class = "themeScrp"><em>Everything that he has is in your hand.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Job 1:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">In the book of Job, one of the earliest Bible books to be written, we learn of Satan’s contention that if subjected to intense suffering, Job would reject God. Satan suggested that God personally afflict Job. Jehovah did not do that, but he allowed Satan to test Job. In a short time, Job lost his servants, his means of livelihood, and his ten beloved children. Satan accomplished this in a way that made it appear as if <em>God himself </em>had been the cause of Job’s troubles. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Job 1:13-19</a>) Satan next afflicted Job with a painful and repulsive illness. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Job 2:7</a>) His despair was deepened further by the disheartening words of his wife and of three companions who acted as if they were his friends. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Job 2:9;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 3:11;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 16:2</a>) The result? Satan’s claim was shown to be completely false. Job refused to turn his back on God.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Job 27:5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>24 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Job 1:12)</strong></a> Then Jehovah said to Satan: “Look! Everything that he has is in your hand.* Only do not lay your hand on the man himself!” So Satan went out from the presence* of Jehovah.</p><p></p><p>Or “under your control.”</p><p>Lit., “face.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Job 1:13-19)</strong></a> Now on the day when his sons and daughters were eating and drinking wine in their oldest brother’s house, <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>a messenger came to Job and said: “The cattle were plowing and the donkeys were grazing beside them <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>when the Sa·beʹans attacked and took them, and they killed the servants with the sword. I am the only one who escaped to tell you.” <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>While he was still speaking, another one came and said: “Fire from God* fell from the heavens and blazed among the sheep and the servants and consumed them! I am the only one who escaped to tell you.” <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>While he was still speaking, another one came and said: “The Chal·deʹans formed three bands and made a raid on the camels and took them, and they killed the servants with the sword. I am the only one who escaped to tell you.” <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>While he was still speaking, yet another one came and said: “Your sons and your daughters were eating and drinking wine in their oldest brother’s house. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Suddenly a great wind came from the wilderness, and it struck the four corners of the house, so that it fell on the young people and they were killed. I am the only one who escaped to tell you.”</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “Lightning.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Job 2:7)</strong></a> So Satan went out from the presence* of Jehovah and struck Job with painful boils* from the sole of his foot to the crown of his head.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “face.”</p><p>Or “with severe ulcers.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Job 2:9)</strong></a> Finally his wife said to him: “Are you still holding firmly to your integrity? Curse God and die!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Job 3:11)</strong></a> Why did I not die at birth? Why did I not perish when I came from the womb?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Job 16:2)</strong></a> “I have heard many things like these before. All of you are troublesome comforters!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Job 27:5)</strong></a> It is unthinkable for me to declare you men righteous! Until I die, I will not renounce* my integrity!</p><p></p><p>Or “I will not take away from myself; I will maintain.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
