<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, October 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Tuesday, October 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class = "themeScrp"><em>Let your words always be gracious.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 4:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">We can ask Jehovah for his holy spirit so that we can display its fruitage when speaking with our unbelieving relatives. We should not try to argue about all their false religious ideas. If they hurt us by their speech or actions, we can imitate the example of the apostles. Paul wrote: “When insulted, we bless; when persecuted, we patiently endure; when slandered, we answer mildly.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 4:12, 13</a>) Although mild speech is helpful in dealing with opposing relatives, our good conduct can speak even louder. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Pet. 3:1, 2,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 16</a>) By your example, let your relatives see that Jehovah’s Witnesses enjoy happy marriages, look after their children, and live a clean, moral, and fulfilling life. Even if our relatives never accept the truth, we can have the joy that comes from pleasing Jehovah by our faithful course. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>15 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 4:6)</strong></a> Let your words always be gracious, seasoned with salt, so that you will know how you should answer each person.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 4:12, 13)</strong></a> and to toil, working with our own hands. When insulted, we bless; when persecuted, we patiently endure; <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>when slandered, we answer mildly;* we have become as the refuse* of the world, the offscouring of all things, until now.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “we entreat.”</p><p>Or “garbage; rubbish.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:1, 2)</strong></a> In the same way, you wives, be in subjection to your husbands, so that if any are not obedient to the word, they may be won without a word through the conduct of their wives, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>because of having been eyewitnesses of your chaste conduct together with deep respect.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:16)</strong></a> Maintain a good conscience, so that in whatever way you are spoken against, those who speak against you may be put to shame because of your good conduct as followers of Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
