<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, October 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Saturday, October 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class = "themeScrp"><em>Make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 28:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">In 33 C.E., the resurrected Jesus appeared to a crowd of more than 500 men, women, and possibly even children. It may have been on that occasion that he said the above. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 15:6</a>) Yes, it seems that hundreds of his followers were present when Jesus gave the commission to make disciples. Jesus thus revealed that baptism would be a requirement for those who accept the yoke of Christian discipleship. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 11:29, 30</a>) Anyone who wished to serve God acceptably would have to acknowledge and accept Jesus’ role in the outworking of Jehovah’s purpose. After doing so, that person could get baptized. This would be the only water baptism having God’s approval. The Bible record provides abundant evidence that in the first century, new disciples of Christ understood the significance of baptism. And they did not unnecessarily delay getting baptized.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 2:41;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 9:18;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 16:14, 15,</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 32, 33</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>5 ¶8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:6)</strong></a> After that he appeared to more than 500 brothers at one time, most of whom are still with us, though some have fallen asleep in death.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:29, 30)</strong></a> Take my yoke upon you and learn from me,* for I am mild-tempered and lowly in heart, and you will find refreshment for yourselves. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>For my yoke is kindly,* and my load is light.”</p><p></p><p>Or “become my disciples (learners).”</p><p>Or “easy to bear; pleasant.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 2:41)</strong></a> So those who gladly accepted his word were baptized, and on that day about 3,000 people were added.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 9:18)</strong></a> And immediately, what looked like scales fell from his eyes, and he recovered his sight. He then got up and was baptized,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Acts 16:14, 15)</strong></a> And a woman named Lydʹi·a, a seller of purple from the city of Thy·a·tiʹra and a worshipper of God, was listening, and Jehovah opened her heart wide to pay attention to the things Paul was saying. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Now when she and her household got baptized, she urged us: “If you have considered me to be faithful to Jehovah, come and stay at my house.” And she just made us come.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Acts 16:32, 33)</strong></a> Then they spoke the word of Jehovah to him together with all those in his house. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>And he took them along in that hour of the night and washed their wounds. Then he and his entire household were baptized without delay.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
