<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, October 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56"><span id="page104" class="pageNum" data-no="104" data-before-text="104"></span>Saturday, October 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class = "themeScrp"><em>Jehovah </em>[<em>warned</em>] <em>them again and again, because he felt compassion for his people.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Chron. 36:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Should we not feel similar compassion for people who could potentially repent over a sinful life course and gain God’s favor? Jehovah does not want any to be destroyed in the coming judgment. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Pet. 3:9</a>) So until God acts to destroy the wicked, let us continue to proclaim his compassionate warning message. We can learn a lesson from Jesus. He felt compassion for the crowds he met, for “they were skinned and thrown about like sheep without a shepherd.” How did he react to their pitiful state? “He started to teach them many things.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 9:36;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Mark 6:34</a>) His attitude was in stark contrast to that of the Pharisees, who had no desire to help the common people. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 12:9-14;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 23:4;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> John 7:49</a>) Do you not feel a yearning, similar to what Jesus had, to feed spiritually famished people? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>9 ¶6;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation2"> 10 ¶9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Chron. 36:15)</strong></a> Jehovah the God of their forefathers kept warning them by means of his messengers, warning them again and again, because he felt compassion for his people and for his dwelling place.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 3:9)</strong></a> Jehovah* is not slow concerning his promise, as some people consider slowness, but he is patient with you because he does not desire anyone to be destroyed but desires all to attain to repentance.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 9:36)</strong></a> On seeing the crowds, he felt pity for them, because they were skinned and thrown about like sheep without a shepherd.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Mark 6:34)</strong></a> Well, on getting out, he saw a large crowd, and he was moved with pity for them, because they were as sheep without a shepherd. And he started to teach them many things.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 12:9-14)</strong></a> After departing from that place, he went into their synagogue, <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>and look! there was a man with a withered* hand! So they asked him, “Is it lawful to cure on the Sabbath?” so that they might accuse him. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>He said to them: “If you have one sheep and that sheep falls into a pit on the Sabbath, is there a man among you who will not grab hold of it and lift it out? <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>How much more valuable is a man than a sheep! So it is lawful to do a fine thing on the Sabbath.” <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Then he said to the man: “Stretch out your hand.” And he stretched it out, and it was restored sound like the other hand. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>But the Pharisees went out and conspired against him to kill him.</p><p></p><p>Or “paralyzed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Matt. 23:4)</strong></a> They bind up heavy loads and put them on the shoulders of men, but they themselves are not willing to budge them with their finger.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(John 7:49)</strong></a> But this crowd who do not know the Law are accursed people.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
