<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, October 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83"><span id="page107" class="pageNum" data-no="107" data-before-text="107"></span>Monday, October 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class = "themeScrp"><em>Praise Jehovah!​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Judg. 5:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">Soon the earth will be filled with those who prefer Jehovah’s sovereignty over any other. How we long for that day! With Deborah and Barak, we sing: “Let all your enemies perish, O Jehovah, but let those who love you be like the sun rising in its glory.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Judg. 5:31</a>) This petition will be answered when Jehovah brings an end to Satan’s wicked world! When the battle of Armageddon begins, there will be no need for human volunteers to rout the enemy. That will be the time for us to “stand still, and see the salvation of Jehovah.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Chron. 20:17</a>) But in the meantime, there are many opportunities for us to support Jehovah’s cause with courage and zeal. “Because of the people’s volunteering, praise Jehovah!” Thus, Deborah and Barak began their victory song with praise, not to creatures, but to the Most High. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Judg. 5:1, 2</a>) Likewise today, may your volunteer spirit move all those who benefit from it to “praise Jehovah!” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>32 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Judg. 5:2)</strong></a> “Because of the unbound hair* in Israel, Because of the people’s volunteering, Praise Jehovah!</p><p></p><p>Or “the warriors with unbound hair.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Judg. 5:31)</strong></a> So let all your enemies perish, O Jehovah, But let those who love you be like the sun rising in its glory.” And the land had rest* for 40 years.</p><p></p><p>Or “peace.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Chron. 20:17)</strong></a> You will not need to fight this battle. Take your position, stand still, and see the salvation of Jehovah in your behalf.* O Judah and Jerusalem, do not be afraid or be terrified. Tomorrow go out against them, and Jehovah will be with you.’”</p><p></p><p>Or “see how Jehovah rescues you.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Judg. 5:1, 2)</strong></a> On that day Debʹo·rah along with Baʹrak the son of A·binʹo·am sang this song:  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>“Because of the unbound hair* in Israel, Because of the people’s volunteering, Praise Jehovah!</p><p></p><p>Or “the warriors with unbound hair.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
