<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, October 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89">Wednesday, October 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class = "themeScrp"><em>If you . . . give to your servant a male child, I will give him to Jehovah all the days of his life.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Sam. 1:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">Hannah did exactly as she had vowed to God. She did not even think of doing otherwise. She took Samuel to High Priest Eli at the tabernacle in Shiloh and said: “It was for this boy that I prayed, and Jehovah granted my petition that I asked of him. I, in turn, now lend him to Jehovah. For all his days, he is lent to Jehovah.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Sam. 1:24-28</a>) There, “the boy Samuel continued growing up before Jehovah.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Sam. 2:21</a>) But what did that mean for Hannah? She dearly loved her little boy, but now she would not be able to have everyday contact with him during his boyhood. Think of how she longed to cuddle him, to play with him, to nurture him​—to share in all the endearing memories that a loving mother cherishes as she watches her little one grow up. Even so, Hannah had no regrets about keeping her vow to God. Her heart rejoiced in Jehovah.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Sam. 2:1, 2;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Ps. 61:1,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 5,</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>5 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 1:11)</strong></a> And she made this vow: “O Jehovah of armies, if you look upon the affliction of your servant and remember me and you do not forget your servant and give to your servant a male child, I will give him to Jehovah all the days of his life, and no razor will touch his head.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 1:24-28)</strong></a> As soon as she had weaned him, she took him up to Shiʹloh, along with a three-year-old bull, one eʹphah* of flour, and a large jar of wine, and she came to the house of Jehovah in Shiʹloh and brought the young boy with her. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>Then they slaughtered the bull and brought the boy to Eʹli. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>With that she said: “Pardon me, my lord! As surely as you live,* my lord, I am the woman who was standing with you in this place to pray to Jehovah. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>It was for this boy that I prayed, and Jehovah granted my petition that I asked of him. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>I, in turn, now lend him to Jehovah. For all his days, he is lent to Jehovah.” And he* bowed down there to Jehovah.</p><p></p><p>About 22 L (20 dry qt). See App. B14.</p><p>Or “By the life of your soul.”</p><p>Evidently referring to Elkanah.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 2:21)</strong></a> Jehovah turned his attention to Hanʹnah, so that she could conceive; and she gave birth to three more sons and two daughters. And the boy Samuel continued growing up before Jehovah.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 2:1, 2)</strong></a> Then Hanʹnah said in prayer: “My heart rejoices in Jehovah; My horn* is exalted by Jehovah. My mouth is opened wide against my enemies, For I rejoice in your acts of salvation.  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>There is no one holy like Jehovah, There is no one but you, And there is no rock like our God.</p><p></p><p>Or “strength.” See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 61:1)</strong></a> Hear, O God, my cry for help. Do pay attention to my prayer.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ps. 61:5)</strong></a> For you, O God, have heard my vows. You have given me the inheritance belonging to those who fear your name.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Ps. 61:8)</strong></a> Then I will sing praises* to your name forever As I pay my vows day after day.</p><p></p><p>Or “make music.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
