<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, October 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38"><span id="page102" class="pageNum" data-no="102" data-before-text="102"></span>Sunday, October 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class = "themeScrp"><em>Sing to Jehovah!​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 96:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">Many of the songs from <em>“Sing Out Joyfully” to Jehovah </em>are in the form of a prayer. With these songs, you can express your personal feelings to Jehovah. Other songs will help “to incite [us] to love and fine works.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 10:24</a>) Surely we want to become familiar with the melodies, rhythms, and lyrics of our songs. You can do so by listening to the vocal renditions available on jw.org. By practicing the songs at home, you can learn to sing them with confidence and heartfelt expression. Remember that singing is an important feature of our worship. It is a powerful way to show our love and appreciation for Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 12:5</a>) When you sing out joyfully, you will also encourage others to sing with confidence. Indeed, all in the congregation​—young, old, and newly interested ones—​can join in this form of direct worship of Jehovah. So do not hold back in expressing yourself in song. Yes, make a joyful sound! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>7 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 96:1)</strong></a> Sing to Jehovah a new song. Sing to Jehovah, all the earth!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:24)</strong></a> And let us consider* one another so as to incite* to love and fine works,</p><p></p><p>Or “be concerned about; pay attention to.”</p><p>Or “motivate; stir up.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 12:5)</strong></a> Sing praises* to Jehovah, for he has done magnificent things. Let this be made known in all the earth.</p><p></p><p>Or “Make music.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
