<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, October 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Wednesday, October 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class = "themeScrp"><em>Be hospitable to one another.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 4:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">The apostle Peter wrote the above to the culturally diverse congregations in Asia Minor. They were facing “fiery trials.” What could help Christians everywhere to get through those stressful times? (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Pet. 1:1;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 4:4,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 7,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 12</a>) Note that Peter urged his Christian brothers and sisters to be hospitable “to one another,” to those whom they already knew and associated with. How would being hospitable help them? It would draw them together. Consider your own experience. Have you had the pleasure of being invited to someone’s home? Did that occasion not leave you with warm memories? When you entertained some from your congregation, was your friendship not deepened? By extending hospitality, we get to know our brothers and sisters in a more personal way than we can in other settings. Christians in Peter’s day needed to draw ever closer as conditions grew worse. The same is true for Christians in these “last days.”​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">2 Tim. 3:1</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>14-15 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 4:9)</strong></a> Be hospitable to one another without grumbling.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 1:1)</strong></a> Peter, an apostle of Jesus Christ, to the temporary residents scattered about in Ponʹtus, Ga·laʹti·a, Cap·pa·doʹci·a, Asia, and Bi·thynʹi·a, to those chosen</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 4:4)</strong></a> They are puzzled that you do not continue running with them in the same decadent course of debauchery, so they speak abusively of you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 4:7)</strong></a> But the end of all things has drawn close. Therefore, be sound in mind, and be vigilant* with a view to prayers.</p><p></p><p>Or “alert; awake.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 4:12)</strong></a> Beloved ones, do not be surprised about the fiery trials that you are experiencing, as though something strange were happening to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:1)</strong></a> But know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
