<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, October 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page98" class="pageNum" data-no="98" data-before-text="98"></span><strong>October</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Tuesday, October 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class = "themeScrp"><em>If any one of you is lacking in wisdom, let him keep asking God, for he gives generously to all and without reproaching.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jas. 1:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">Jehovah is the Source of wisdom, and he generously shares his wisdom with others. One way that we acquire wisdom from God is by accepting his discipline. And that wisdom can safeguard us from moral and spiritual harm. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 2:10-12</a>) As a result, we “keep [ourselves] in God’s love . . . with everlasting life in view.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Jude 21</a>) However, our sinful leanings, our upbringing, and other factors make it a challenge to accept discipline or to view it in the right light. We build appreciation for discipline when we experience its benefits, which confirm God’s love for us. “My son, do not reject the discipline of Jehovah, . . . for those whom Jehovah loves he reproves,” says <span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Proverbs 3:11, 12</a>. Yes, let us never forget that Jehovah has our best interests at heart. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Heb. 12:5-11</a>) Because God fully knows us, his discipline is always appropriate and properly measured. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>28 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:5)</strong></a> So if any one of you is lacking in wisdom, let him keep asking God, for he gives generously to all and without reproaching,* and it will be given him.</p><p></p><p>Or “finding fault.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 2:10-12)</strong></a> When wisdom enters your heart And knowledge becomes pleasant to your soul,* <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>Thinking ability will keep watch over you, And discernment will safeguard you, <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>To save you from the bad course, From the man speaking perverse things,</p><p></p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jude 21)</strong></a> in order to keep yourselves in God’s love, while you await the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ with everlasting life in view.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 3:11, 12)</strong></a> My son, do not reject the discipline of Jehovah, And do not loathe his reproof, <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>For those whom Jehovah loves he reproves, Just as a father does a son in whom he delights.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Heb. 12:5-11)</strong></a> And you have entirely forgotten the exhortation that addresses you as sons: “My son, do not belittle the discipline from Jehovah,* nor give up when you are corrected by him; <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>for those whom Jehovah* loves he disciplines, in fact, he scourges* everyone whom he receives as a son.” <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>You need to endure as part of your discipline.* God is treating you as sons. For what son is not disciplined by his father? <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>But if you have not all shared in receiving this discipline, you are really illegitimate children, and not sons. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Furthermore, our human fathers* used to discipline us, and we gave them respect. Should we not more readily submit ourselves to the Father of our spiritual life and live? <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>For they disciplined us for a short time according to what seemed good to them, but he does so for our benefit so that we may partake of his holiness. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>True, no discipline seems for the present to be joyous, but it is painful;* yet afterward, it yields the peaceable fruit of righteousness to those who have been trained by it.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Or “punishes.”</p><p>Or “training.”</p><p>Lit., “the fathers of our flesh.”</p><p>Or “grievous.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
