<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, October 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019019"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Wednesday, October 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class = "themeScrp"><em>Make friends for yourselves by means of the unrighteous riches, so that when such fail, they may receive you into the everlasting dwelling places.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 16:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">Jesus knew that most of his followers would need to make a living in this unjust commercial world. Although Jesus does not explain why he calls riches “unrighteous,” the Bible makes clear that commercialism was not part of God’s purpose. Jehovah provided abundantly for Adam and Eve’s needs in Eden. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 2:15, 16</a>) Later, when holy spirit operated on the first-century congregation of anointed ones, “not even one of them would say that any of the things he possessed was his own, but they had all things in common.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 4:32</a>) The prophet Isaiah pointed to the time when all humans would freely enjoy earth’s material resources. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Isa. 25:6-9;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 65:21, 22</a>) But in the meantime, Jesus’ followers would need “practical wisdom” to make a living, using the “unrighteous riches” of today’s world while seeking to please God.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Luke 16:8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019019-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>8 ¶4-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 16:9)</strong></a> “Also, I say to you: Make friends for yourselves by means of the unrighteous riches, so that when such fail, they may receive you into the everlasting dwelling places.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 2:15, 16)</strong></a> Jehovah God took the man and settled him in the garden of Eʹden to cultivate it and to take care of it. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>Jehovah God also gave this command to the man: “From every tree of the garden you may eat to satisfaction.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 4:32)</strong></a> Moreover, the multitude of those who believed were of one heart and soul, and not even one of them would say that any of the things he possessed was his own, but they had all things in common.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 25:6-9)</strong></a> In this mountain Jehovah of armies will make for all the peoples A banquet of rich dishes, A banquet of fine wine,* Of rich dishes filled with marrow, Of fine, filtered wine.  <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>In this mountain he will do away with* the shroud that is enveloping all the peoples And the covering* that is woven over all the nations.  <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>He will swallow up* death forever, And the Sovereign Lord Jehovah will wipe away the tears from all faces. The reproach of his people he will take away from all the earth, For Jehovah himself has spoken it.  <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>In that day they will say: “Look! This is our God! We have hoped in him, And he will save us. This is Jehovah! We have hoped in him. Let us be joyful and rejoice in the salvation by him.”</p><p></p><p>Or “of wine kept on the dregs.”</p><p>Lit., “swallow up.”</p><p>Or “veil.”</p><p>Or “do away with.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Isa. 65:21, 22)</strong></a> They will build houses and live in them, And they will plant vineyards and eat their fruitage. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>They will not build for someone else to inhabit, Nor will they plant for others to eat. For the days of my people will be like the days of a tree, And the work of their hands my chosen ones will enjoy to the full.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Luke 16:8)</strong></a> And his master commended the steward, though unrighteous, because he acted with practical wisdom; for the sons of this system of things are wiser in a practical way toward their own generation than the sons of the light are.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
