<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, November 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Wednesday, November 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class = "themeScrp"><em>The peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 4:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">When we have “the peace of God,” our hearts and minds remain at rest. We know that Jehovah cares for us and wants us to succeed. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Pet. 5:10</a>) That knowledge guards us from becoming overwhelmed by anxiety or discouragement. Soon mankind will face the greatest tribulation that will ever occur here on earth. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 24:21, 22</a>) We do not know all the details of what that will mean for us individually. However, there is no need for us to be consumed by anxiety. Even though we do not know everything Jehovah will <em>do, </em>we do know <em>our God. </em>We have seen from his past dealings that no matter what happens, Jehovah will always accomplish his purpose, and sometimes he does it in an unexpected manner. Each time Jehovah does so for us, we may experience in a new way “the peace of God that surpasses all understanding.” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>12 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:7)</strong></a> and the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and your mental powers* by means of Christ Jesus.</p><p></p><p>Or “your minds; your thoughts.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:10)</strong></a> But after you have suffered a little while, the God of all undeserved kindness, who called you to his everlasting glory in union with Christ, will himself finish your training. He will make you firm, he will make you strong, he will firmly ground you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:21, 22)</strong></a> for then there will be great tribulation such as has not occurred since the world’s beginning until now, no, nor will occur again. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>In fact, unless those days were cut short, no flesh would be saved; but on account of the chosen ones those days will be cut short.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
