<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, November 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62"><span id="page115" class="pageNum" data-no="115" data-before-text="115"></span>Thursday, November 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class = "themeScrp"><em>Be patient . . . until the presence of the Lord.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jas. 5:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">“How long?” That was the question raised by the faithful prophets Isaiah and Habakkuk. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 6:11;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Hab. 1:2</a>) Even our Lord Jesus Christ asked this question when confronted with the faithless attitude of those around him. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 17:17</a>) So we should not be surprised if we find ourselves at times asking the very same question. Perhaps we have had to deal with some form of injustice. Or maybe we are enduring old age and sickness or the pressures of living in these “critical times” that are so “hard to deal with.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Tim. 3:1</a>) Or maybe the wrong attitudes of those around us are wearing us out. Whatever the cause, how encouraging it is to know that Jehovah’s faithful servants in the past felt free to express the same question that may loom in our minds, and they were not condemned for asking it! But what can help us when we come face-to-face with such difficult circumstances? The disciple James answers with the words of today’s text. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>3-4 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jas. 5:7)</strong></a> Be patient then, brothers, until the presence of the Lord. Look! The farmer keeps waiting for the precious fruit of the earth, exercising patience over it until the early rain and the late rain arrive.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 6:11)</strong></a> At this I said: “How long, O Jehovah?” Then he said: “Until the cities crash in ruins without an inhabitant And the houses are without people And the land is ruined and desolate;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Hab. 1:2)</strong></a> How long, O Jehovah, must I cry for help, but you do not hear? How long must I ask for help from violence, but you do not intervene?*</p><p></p><p>Or “save.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 17:17)</strong></a> In reply Jesus said: “O faithless and twisted* generation, how long must I continue with you? How long must I put up with you? Bring him here to me.”</p><p></p><p>Or “corrupt; perverse.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:1)</strong></a> But know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
