<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, November 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Monday, November 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class = "themeScrp"><em>I was not able to speak to you as to spiritual men, but as to fleshly men.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 3:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">Jacob did not have an easy life. He had to put up with his fleshly-minded brother, Esau, who intended to kill him. On top of that, he had to deal with a deceitful father-in-law, who repeatedly tried to exploit him. Yet, despite being surrounded by “physical” men, Jacob was a spiritual man. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 2:14-16</a>) He had faith in the promise made to Abraham and devoted himself to caring for the family who would play a special role in the outworking of Jehovah’s purpose. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 28:10-15</a>) Jacob’s words and actions reveal that he had God’s standards and will in mind. For example, when he felt threatened by Esau, Jacob said to God: “Save me, I pray you . . . You have said: ‘I will certainly deal well with you, and I will make your offspring like the grains of sand of the sea.’” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gen. 32:6-12</a>) He obviously put faith in Jehovah’s promises and wanted to act in harmony with God’s will and purpose. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>20 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 3:1)</strong></a> So, brothers, I was not able to speak to you as to spiritual men, but as to fleshly men, as to infants in Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 2:14-16)</strong></a> But a physical man does not accept* the things of the spirit of God, for they are foolishness to him; and he cannot get to know them, because they are examined spiritually. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>However, the spiritual man examines all things, but he himself is not examined by any man. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>For “who has come to know the mind of Jehovah,* so that he may instruct him?” But we do have the mind of Christ.</p><p></p><p>Or “receive.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 28:10-15)</strong></a> Jacob departed from Beʹer-sheʹba and kept going toward Haʹran. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>In time he came to a place and prepared to spend the night there because the sun had set. So he took one of the stones of that place and set it to rest his head on and lay down there. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>Then he had a dream, and look! there was a stairway* set on the earth, and its top reached up to the heavens; and there were God’s angels ascending and descending on it. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>And look! there was Jehovah stationed above it, and he said: “I am Jehovah the God of Abraham your father and the God of Isaac. The land on which you are lying, to you I am going to give it and to your offspring.* <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>And your offspring* will certainly become like the dust particles of the earth, and you will spread abroad to the west and to the east and to the north and to the south, and by means of you and by means of your offspring* all the families of the ground will certainly be blessed.* <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>I am with you, and I will safeguard you wherever you go, and I will return you to this land. I will not leave you until I have done what I have promised you.”</p><p></p><p>Or “ladder.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Or “will obtain a blessing for themselves.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gen. 32:6-12)</strong></a> In time the messengers returned to Jacob, saying: “We met your brother Eʹsau, and he is now on his way to meet you, and there are 400 men with him.” <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>And Jacob became very frightened and anxious. So he divided the people who were with him, as well as the flocks, the cattle, and the camels, into two camps. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>He said: “If Eʹsau attacks the one camp, then the other camp will be able to escape.” <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>After that Jacob said: “O God of my father Abraham and God of my father Isaac, O Jehovah, you who are saying to me, ‘Return to your land and to your relatives, and I will deal well with you,’ <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>I am unworthy of all the loyal love and of all the faithfulness that you have shown toward your servant, for with only my staff I crossed this Jordan and now I have become two camps. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>Save me, I pray you, from the hand of my brother Eʹsau, for I am afraid of him that he may come and attack me, as well as the mothers and their children. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>And you have said: ‘I will certainly deal well with you, and I will make your offspring* like the grains of sand of the sea, which are too numerous to count.’”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
