<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, November 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Monday, November 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class = "themeScrp"><em>Do you know this?​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Job 38:21</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">Nowhere do we read of God’s telling Job specifically the reason behind his suffering. The main point of Jehovah’s words was not to explain to Job <em>why </em>he was suffering, as if God had to justify himself. Rather, Jehovah wanted to help Job recognize his insignificance in comparison with God’s greatness. And he helped Job to see that there were greater issues with which to be concerned. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Job 38:18-20</a>) This helped Job regain the proper perspective. Was Jehovah harsh in giving such straightforward counsel after Job had endured so severe a trial? God was not, and Job did not think so. Despite his ordeal, Job finally began to speak appreciatively. He even stated: “I take back what I said, and I repent in dust and ashes.” Such was the effect of Jehovah’s pointed but refreshing counsel. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Job 42:1-6</a>) After Job responded to God’s reproof and corrected his view, Jehovah expressed to others his approval of Job’s faithfulness under trial.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Job 42:7, 8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>24-25 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Job 38:21)</strong></a> Do you know this because you were already born And the number of your years* is great?</p><p></p><p>Lit., “days.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Job 38:18-20)</strong></a> Have you understood the vast expanse of the earth? Tell me, if you know all of this. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>In which direction does the light reside? And where is the place of darkness, <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>That you should take it to its territory And understand the paths to its home?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Job 42:1-6)</strong></a> Then Job said in reply to Jehovah:  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>“Now I know that you are able to do all things And that nothing you have in mind to do is impossible for you.  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>You said, ‘Who is this who is obscuring my counsel without knowledge?’ Therefore I spoke, but without understanding About things too wonderful for me, which I do not know.  <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>You said, ‘Please listen, and I will speak. I will question you, and you inform me.’  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>My ears have heard about you, But now I do see you with my eyes.  <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>That is why I take back what I said,* And I repent in dust and ashes.”</p><p></p><p>Or “make a retraction.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Job 42:7, 8)</strong></a> After Jehovah had spoken these words to Job, Jehovah said to Elʹi·phaz the Teʹman·ite: “My anger burns against you and your two companions, for you have not spoken the truth about me as my servant Job has. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Now take seven bulls and seven rams and go to my servant Job, and offer up a burnt sacrifice for yourselves. And my servant Job will pray for you. I will surely accept his request* not to deal with you according to your foolishness, for you have not spoken the truth about me as my servant Job has.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “Surely I will lift up his face.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
