<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, November 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44"><span id="page113" class="pageNum" data-no="113" data-before-text="113"></span>Friday, November 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class = "themeScrp"><em>The shrewd man overlooks an insult.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 12:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">A sister from Australia relates: “My father-in-law strongly opposed the truth. Before calling to check on him, my husband and I would pray that Jehovah help us not to respond in kind to angry reactions. To avoid long conversations that would usually lead to a heated discussion about religion, we set a time limit for the visit.” Conflict can make you feel guilty, especially if you love your relatives dearly and have always tried to please them. However, strive to put your loyalty to Jehovah ahead of your love for your family. Such a stand may actually help your relatives to see that applying Bible truth is a life-and-death matter. In any case, remember that you cannot force others to accept the truth. Instead, let them see in you the benefits of following Jehovah’s ways. Our loving God offers to them, just as he does to us, the opportunity to choose the course they will follow.​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 48:17, 18</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>15-16 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 12:16)</strong></a> A fool immediately* shows his annoyance, But the shrewd man overlooks* an insult.</p><p></p><p>Or “in the same day.”</p><p>Lit., “covers over.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 48:17, 18)</strong></a> This is what Jehovah says, your Repurchaser, the Holy One of Israel: “I, Jehovah, am your God, The One teaching you to benefit yourself,* The One guiding you in the way you should walk. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>If only you would pay attention to my commandments! Then your peace would become just like a river And your righteousness like the waves of the sea.</p><p></p><p>Or “for your own good.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
