<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, November 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38">Wednesday, November 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class = "themeScrp"><em>Deaden . . . your body members that are on the earth as respects sexual immorality, uncleanness, uncontrolled sexual passion.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 3:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">It is especially important to be on guard when we are confronted by circumstances that could tempt us to compromise Jehovah’s moral standards. For example, it is wise for a couple, right from the start of a courtship, to set clear limits for themselves about such matters as touching, kissing, or being alone together. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 22:3</a>) Morally dangerous situations may also come up when a Christian is away from home on a business trip or when a Christian has to work with someone of the opposite sex. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 2:10-12,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 16</a>) We may also find ourselves at greater risk if we are depressed and vulnerable. We may even become so desperate for emotional support that we will accept attention from just about anyone. If that ever happens to you, turn to Jehovah and his people for help.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 34:18;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Prov. 13:20</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>26 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 3:5)</strong></a> Deaden, therefore, your body members that are on the earth as respects sexual immorality,* uncleanness, uncontrolled sexual passion, hurtful desire, and greediness, which is idolatry.</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>por·neiʹa. </em>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 22:3)</strong></a> The shrewd one sees the danger and conceals himself, But the inexperienced keep right on going and suffer the consequences.*</p><p></p><p>Or “penalty.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 2:10-12)</strong></a> When wisdom enters your heart And knowledge becomes pleasant to your soul,* <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>Thinking ability will keep watch over you, And discernment will safeguard you, <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>To save you from the bad course, From the man speaking perverse things,</p><p></p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 2:16)</strong></a> It will save you from the wayward* woman, From the smooth* words of the immoral* woman,</p><p></p><p>Lit., “strange.” Evidently, one morally estranged from God.</p><p>Or “seductive.”</p><p>Lit., “foreign.” Evidently, one morally alienated from God.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 34:18)</strong></a> Jehovah is close to the brokenhearted; He saves those who are crushed in spirit.*</p><p></p><p>Or “are discouraged.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Prov. 13:20)</strong></a> The one walking with the wise will become wise, But the one who has dealings with the stupid will fare badly.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
