<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, November 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Tuesday, November 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class = "themeScrp"><em>The fruitage of the spirit is . . . self-control.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gal. 5:22, 23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Self-control is a godly quality. Jehovah possesses self-control in perfect measure. Humans, however, are imperfect and therefore struggle to maintain self-control. Indeed, many of the problems that people face today stem from a lack of self-control. That lack may result in procrastination and underperformance in school or at work. It may also lead to verbal abuse, drunkenness, violence, divorce, needless debt, addiction, imprisonment, emotional trauma, sexually transmitted disease, and unwanted pregnancy, to name a few. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 34:11-14</a>) And the problem of lacking self-control is worsening. Self-discipline was studied in the 1940’s, but recent studies have shown that people have become much worse at exercising self-discipline. This is no surprise to students of God’s Word because the Bible foretold that one evidence that we are living in “the last days” is that men would be “without self-control.”​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Tim. 3:1-3</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>3 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gal. 5:22, 23)</strong></a> On the other hand, the fruitage of the spirit is love, joy, peace, patience,* kindness, goodness, faith, <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>mildness, self-control. Against such things there is no law.</p><p></p><p>Or “long-suffering.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 34:11-14)</strong></a> Come, my sons, listen to me; I will teach you the fear of Jehovah. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>Who among you takes pleasure in life And would love to see many good days? <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Then guard your tongue from what is bad, Your lips from speaking deception. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>Turn away from what is bad and do what is good; Seek peace and pursue it.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:1-3)</strong></a> But know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, disloyal, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>having no natural affection, not open to any agreement, slanderers, without self-control, fierce, without love of goodness,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
