<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, November 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Thursday, November 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class = "themeScrp"><em>Select for yourselves the cities of refuge.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Josh. 20:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">Jehovah took seriously all cases of bloodshed in ancient Israel. Willful murderers were put to death by the victim’s nearest male relative, known as “the avenger of blood.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Num. 35:19</a>) This act atoned for the innocent human blood that had been spilled. Swift execution protected the Promised Land from becoming defiled, for Jehovah commanded: “You must not pollute the land in which you live, for [the shedding of human] blood pollutes the land.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Num. 35:33, 34</a>) How, though, did the Israelites handle cases of accidental bloodshed? Although his deed was accidental, an unintentional manslayer was still guilty of shedding innocent blood. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gen. 9:5</a>) Mercifully, however, he was allowed to flee from the avenger of blood to one of the six cities of refuge. There, he could find protection. The unintentional manslayer had to remain in the city of refuge until the high priest’s death.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Num. 35:15,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 28</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>9 ¶3-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Josh. 20:2)</strong></a> “Tell the Israelites, ‘Select for yourselves the cities of refuge about which I spoke to you through Moses,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Num. 35:19)</strong></a> “‘The avenger of blood is the one who will put the murderer to death. When he encounters him, he himself will put him to death.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Num. 35:33, 34)</strong></a> “‘You must not pollute the land in which you live, for blood pollutes the land, and there may be no atonement for the blood that has been spilled on the land except by the blood of the one who spilled it. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>You must not defile the land in which you dwell, in which I am residing; for I, Jehovah, am residing in the midst of the people of Israel.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gen. 9:5)</strong></a> Besides that, I will demand an accounting for your lifeblood.* I will demand an accounting from every living creature; and from each man I will demand an accounting for the life of his brother.</p><p></p><p>Or “the blood of your souls.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Num. 35:15)</strong></a> These six cities will serve as a refuge for the Israelites, for the foreign resident, and for the settler among them, for anyone to flee there who unintentionally kills someone.*</p><p></p><p>Or “strikes a soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Num. 35:28)</strong></a> For he must dwell in his city of refuge until the high priest’s death. But after the high priest’s death, the manslayer may return to the land that he owns.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
