<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, November 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Saturday, November 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class = "themeScrp"><em>Follow the course of hospitality.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 12:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">We welcome all who attend our Christian meetings as fellow guests at a spiritual meal. Jehovah and his organization are our hosts. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 15:7</a>) When new ones attend, we become cohosts, as it were. Why not take the initiative to welcome these new ones, no matter how they may be dressed or groomed? (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Jas. 2:1-4</a>) If a visitor is not already being cared for, could you invite him to sit with you? He might appreciate help to follow the program and perhaps to find scriptures being read. This would be a fine way to “follow the course of hospitality.” Visits of public speakers from other congregations, as well as visits of circuit overseers and, at times, representatives from the local branch office, provide opportunities for us to extend hospitality. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">3 John 5-8</a>) Providing refreshments or a meal is one fine way of doing this. Could you assist? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>15 ¶5,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation2"> 7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:13)</strong></a> Share with the holy ones according to their needs. Follow the course of hospitality.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 15:7)</strong></a> So welcome* one another, just as the Christ also welcomed you, with glory to God in view.</p><p></p><p>Or “accept.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jas. 2:1-4)</strong></a> My brothers, you are not holding to the faith of our glorious Lord Jesus Christ while showing favoritism, are you? <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>For if a man with gold rings on his fingers and in splendid clothing comes into your meeting, but a poor man in filthy clothing also enters, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>do you look with favor on the one wearing the splendid clothing and say, “You take this seat here in a fine place,” and do you say to the poor one, “You keep standing” or, “Take that seat there under my footstool”? <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>If so, do you not have class distinctions among yourselves, and have you not become judges rendering wicked decisions?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(3 John 5-8)</strong></a> Beloved one, you show your faithfulness in what you do for the brothers, even though they are strangers to you. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>They have given a witness about your love before the congregation. Please send them on their way in a manner worthy of God. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>For it was in behalf of his name that they went out, not taking anything from the people of the nations. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>So we are under obligation to show hospitality to such ones, so that we may become fellow workers in the truth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
