<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, November 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Thursday, November 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class = "themeScrp"><em>Each of you should set something aside according to his own means.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 16:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">The aspect of giving from personal resources is well-established in the Scriptures. In some cases, Jehovah’s people contributed for specific projects. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ex. 35:5;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 2 Ki. 12:4, 5;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 1 Chron. 29:5-9</a>) When the brothers in the early Christian congregation were made aware of the need that arose because of a famine, they “determined, each according to what he could afford, to send relief to the brothers living in Judea.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Acts 11:27-30</a>) Of course, the sources of such donations varied. In the first century, some Christians sold items that they owned, such as fields or houses, and brought the money to the apostles. The apostles distributed these funds to those in need. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Acts 4:34, 35</a>) Others set aside money and gave regular donations to support the work. Thus, people of all walks of life​—from the very wealthy to the very poor—​had a share.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Luke 21:1-4</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>18 ¶7;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation2"> 19 ¶9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 16:2)</strong></a> On the first day of every week, each of you should set something aside according to his own means, so that collections will not take place when I arrive.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ex. 35:5)</strong></a> ‘Take up a contribution for Jehovah from among yourselves. Let everyone with a willing heart bring a contribution for Jehovah: gold, silver, copper,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Ki. 12:4, 5)</strong></a> Je·hoʹash said to the priests: “Take all the money that is brought to the house of Jehovah for the holy offerings, the money for which each one is assessed, the money given as an estimated value for a person,* and all the money that each person’s heart is moved to bring to the house of Jehovah. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>The priests will personally take it from their donors* and use it to repair the house, wherever any damage is* found.”</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.”</p><p>Or “acquaintances.”</p><p>Or “cracks are.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Chron. 29:5-9)</strong></a> the gold for the goldwork and the silver for the silverwork, and for all the work to be done by the craftsmen. Now who volunteers to come forward today with a gift in hand for Jehovah?” <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>So the princes of the paternal houses, the princes of the tribes of Israel, the chiefs of thousands and of hundreds, and the chiefs of the business of the king came forward voluntarily. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>And they gave to the service of the house of the true God: 5,000 talents of gold, 10,000 darics,* 10,000 talents of silver, 18,000 talents of copper, and 100,000 talents of iron. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Whoever had precious stones gave them to the treasury of the house of Jehovah, under the care of Je·hiʹel the Gerʹshon·ite. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>The people rejoiced over making these voluntary offerings, for they made the voluntary offerings to Jehovah with a complete heart, and David the king also rejoiced greatly.</p><p></p><p>A daric was a Persian gold coin. See App. B14.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 11:27-30)</strong></a> In those days prophets came down from Jerusalem to Antioch. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>One of them named Agʹa·bus stood up and foretold through the spirit that a great famine was about to come on the entire inhabited earth, which, in fact, did take place in the time of Claudius. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>So the disciples determined, each according to what he could afford, to send relief to the brothers living in Ju·deʹa; <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>and this they did, sending it to the elders by the hand of Barʹna·bas and Saul.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Acts 4:34, 35)</strong></a> In fact, no one was in need among them, for all those who owned fields or houses would sell them and bring the value of what was sold, <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>and they would deposit it at the feet of the apostles. In turn distribution would be made to each one according to his need.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Luke 21:1-4)</strong></a> Now as he looked up, he saw the rich dropping their gifts into the treasury chests. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>Then he saw a needy widow drop in two small coins of very little value, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>and he said: “Truly I say to you that this poor widow put in more than they all did. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>For all of these put in gifts* out of their surplus, but she, out of her want,* put in all the means of living she had.”</p><p></p><p>Or “contributed to the gifts.”</p><p>Or “poverty.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
