<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, November 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8"><span id="page109" class="pageNum" data-no="109" data-before-text="109"></span>Sunday, November 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class = "themeScrp"><em>What prevents me from getting baptized?​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 8:36</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">Consider the example of a Jewish man who was persecuting Christians. He was born in a nation that was dedicated to God. However, the Jews had lost their special relationship with Jehovah. That man was zealous for the traditions of Judaism, but he learned a better way. He received a personal witness from the resurrected and glorified Jesus Christ. What was the man’s response? He welcomed assistance from the Christian disciple Ananias. Regarding that man the Bible tells us: “He then got up and was baptized.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 9:17, 18;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Gal. 1:14</a>) You certainly recognize that Jewish man as the one who came to be known as the apostle Paul. But reflect on the fact that once he gained appreciation for the truth about Jesus’ role in the outworking of God’s purpose, Paul acted. He got baptized without delay. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 22:12-16</a>) It is much the same with Bible students today, whether young or old. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>5-6 ¶9-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 8:36)</strong></a> Now as they were going along the road, they came to a body of water, and the eunuch said: “Look! Here is water; what prevents me from getting baptized?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 9:17, 18)</strong></a> So An·a·niʹas went and entered the house, and he laid his hands on him and said: “Saul, brother, the Lord Jesus, who appeared to you on the road along which you were coming, has sent me so that you may recover sight and be filled with holy spirit.” <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>And immediately, what looked like scales fell from his eyes, and he recovered his sight. He then got up and was baptized,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gal. 1:14)</strong></a> and I was making greater progress in Juʹda·ism than many of my own age in my nation, as I was far more zealous for the traditions of my fathers.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 22:12-16)</strong></a> “Then a man named An·a·niʹas, a devout man according to the Law, well-reported-on by all the Jews living there, <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>came to me. He stood by me and said to me: ‘Saul, brother, regain your sight!’ And that very moment I looked up and saw him. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>He said: ‘The God of our forefathers has chosen you to come to know his will and to see the righteous one and to hear the voice of his mouth, <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>because you are to be a witness for him to all men of the things you have seen and heard. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>And now why are you delaying? Rise, get baptized, and wash your sins away by your calling on his name.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
