<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, November 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89"><span id="page118" class="pageNum" data-no="118" data-before-text="118"></span>Saturday, November 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class = "themeScrp"><em>Let the wicked man leave his way . . . Let him return to Jehovah, who will have mercy on him.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 55:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">What of those individuals who refuse to change, who continue to support this system right up to the time of the great tribulation? Jehovah has promised to rid the earth of wicked people for all time. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 37:10</a>) The wicked may think that they are safe from such judgment. Many have learned to hide what they do, and in this world they often seem to escape justice and consequences. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Job 21:7,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 9</a>) Yet, the Bible reminds us: “God’s eyes are upon the ways of a man, and He sees all his steps. There is no darkness or deep shadow where wrongdoers can conceal themselves.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Job 34:21, 22</a>) There is no hiding from Jehovah God. No impostor can fool him; no shadow is so dark or deep that God’s limitless vision cannot pierce right to the heart of matters. After Armageddon, then, we may look where the wicked used to be, but we will not see them. They will be gone​—forever!​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Ps. 37:12-15</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>10 ¶5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p92" data-pid="92" class="p92"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 55:7)</strong></a> Let the wicked man leave his way And the evil man his thoughts; Let him return to Jehovah, who will have mercy on him, To our God, for he will forgive in a large way.*</p><p></p><p>Or “will freely forgive.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:10)</strong></a> Just a little while longer, and the wicked will be no more; You will look at where they were, And they will not be there.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Job 21:7)</strong></a> Why do the wicked live on, Grow old, and become wealthy?*</p><p></p><p>Or “powerful.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Job 21:9)</strong></a> Their houses are secure, they are free from fear, And God does not punish them with his rod.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Job 34:21, 22)</strong></a> For God’s eyes are upon the ways of a man, And He sees all his steps. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>There is no darkness or deep shadow Where wrongdoers can conceal themselves.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:12-15)</strong></a> The wicked man plots against the righteous; He grinds his teeth at him. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>But Jehovah will laugh at him, For He knows that his day will come. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>The wicked draw their swords and bend* their bows To bring down the oppressed and the poor, To slaughter those whose way is upright. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>But their sword will pierce their own heart; Their bows will be broken.</p><p></p><p>Or “string.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
