<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, November 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71"><span id="page116" class="pageNum" data-no="116" data-before-text="116"></span>Sunday, November 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class = "themeScrp"><em>Where your treasure is, there your hearts will be also.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 12:34</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">Jehovah is the wealthiest Person in the universe. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Chron. 29:11, 12</a>) As a generous Father, he openhandedly shares his spiritual riches with all who discern their excelling value. How grateful we are that Jehovah has given us spiritual treasures, which include (1) God’s Kingdom, (2) our lifesaving ministry, and (3) the precious truths found in his Word! If we are not careful, though, we could lose appreciation for these treasures and, in effect, throw them away. To hold on to them, we must use them well and constantly renew our love for them. Granted, many of us have made life-transforming changes to become subjects of God’s Kingdom. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 12:2</a>) Even so, our work is not finished. We must remain alert to things that actively compete for our affection, including the desire for material things and any immoral sexual desires.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Prov. 4:23;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Matt. 5:27-29</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>9 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation2"> 10 ¶7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 12:34)</strong></a> For where your treasure is, there your hearts will be also.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Chron. 29:11, 12)</strong></a> Yours, O Jehovah, are the greatness and the mightiness and the beauty and the splendor and the majesty,* for everything in the heavens and on the earth is yours. Yours is the kingdom, O Jehovah. You are the One exalting yourself as head over all. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>The riches and the glory are from you, and you rule over everything, and in your hand there are power and mightiness, and your hand is able to make great and to give strength to all.</p><p></p><p>Or “dignity.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:2)</strong></a> And stop being molded by this system of things,* but be transformed by making your mind over, so that you may prove to yourselves the good and acceptable and perfect will of God.</p><p></p><p>Or “this age.” See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 4:23)</strong></a> Above all the things that you guard, safeguard your heart, For out of it are the sources of life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:27-29)</strong></a> “You heard that it was said: ‘You must not commit adultery.’ <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>But I say to you that everyone who keeps on looking at a woman so as to have a passion for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>If, now, your right eye is making you stumble, tear it out and throw it away from you. For it is better for you to lose one of your members than for your whole body to be pitched into Ge·henʹna.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
