<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, November 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Tuesday, November 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class = "themeScrp"><em>Mary chose the good portion, and it will not be taken away from her.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 10:42</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">To help determine whether we have a balanced view of secular matters and spiritual responsibilities, it is good to ask ourselves: ‘Do I find my secular work interesting and exciting but view my spiritual activities as ordinary or routine?’ Thinking about and meditating on these matters can help us to determine where our true affection lies. Jesus set the standard in balancing secular interests and spiritual matters. On one occasion, Jesus visited the home of Mary and her sister, Martha. While Martha scurried about preparing a meal, Mary chose to sit at Jesus’ feet and listen to him. When Martha complained that Mary was not helping, Jesus told Martha the words of today’s text. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 10:38-42</a>) Jesus was teaching Martha a valuable lesson. To avoid being distracted by secular matters and to prove our love for Christ, we must continue to choose “the good portion,” to give priority to spiritual things. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>24 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 10:42)</strong></a> A few things, though, are needed, or just one. For her part, Mary chose the good portion, and it will not be taken away from her.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 10:38-42)</strong></a> Now as they went on their way, he entered into a certain village. Here a woman named Martha received him as a guest in her house. <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>She also had a sister called Mary, who sat down at the feet of the Lord and kept listening to what he was saying.* <strong><sup>40 </sup></strong>Martha, on the other hand, was distracted with attending to many duties. So she came to him and said: “Lord, does it not matter to you that my sister has left me alone to attend to things? Tell her to come and help me.” <strong><sup>41 </sup></strong>In answer the Lord said to her: “Martha, Martha, you are anxious and disturbed about many things. <strong><sup>42 </sup></strong>A few things, though, are needed, or just one. For her part, Mary chose the good portion, and it will not be taken away from her.”</p><p></p><p>Or “to his teaching (message).” Lit., “to his word.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
