<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, November 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page108" class="pageNum" data-no="108" data-before-text="108"></span><strong>November</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Friday, November 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class = "themeScrp"><em>Reject ungodliness and worldly desires and . . . live with soundness of mind and righteousness and godly devotion.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Titus 2:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">Self-discipline includes exercising control over ourselves in order to improve in our behavior and thinking. We are not born with an inclination toward self-discipline. We have to learn it. When parents consistently and patiently train their little ones “in the discipline and admonition of Jehovah,” they are also helping their children to develop self-discipline and wisdom. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 6:4</a>) The same principles apply to those who come to know Jehovah as adults. True, they may already have developed a measure of self-discipline. Spiritually speaking, however, a new disciple starts off being immature. But he or she can steadily grow toward maturity as part of learning to put on the Christlike “new personality.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eph. 4:23, 24</a>) Self-discipline is an important part of that growth. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>29 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Titus 2:12)</strong></a> It trains us to reject ungodliness and worldly desires and to live with soundness of mind and righteousness and godly devotion amid this present system of things,*</p><p></p><p>Or “this present age.” See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:4)</strong></a> And fathers, do not be irritating your children, but go on bringing them up in the discipline and admonition* of Jehovah.*</p><p></p><p>Or “instruction; guidance.” Lit., “putting mind in.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:23, 24)</strong></a> And you should continue to be made new in your dominant mental attitude,* <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>and should put on the new personality that was created according to God’s will in true righteousness and loyalty.</p><p></p><p>Or “in the force actuating your mind.” Lit., “to the spirit of your mind.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
