<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, November 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Sunday, November 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class = "themeScrp"><em>You must read it in an undertone day and night, . . . then you will act wisely.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Josh. 1:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">If God’s Word is to have an effect on us, we need to read it regularly​—daily if possible. Of course, most of us lead very busy lives. Still, we cannot afford to let anything​—even legitimate responsibilities—​disrupt our Bible reading routine. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 5:15, 16</a>) Many of Jehovah’s people have found creative ways to make time for daily Bible reading, whether at the start of their day or at the end or somewhere in between. They feel as did the psalmist, who wrote: “How I do love your law! I ponder over it all day long.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 119:97</a>) In addition to reading the Bible, it is important for us to meditate on what we read. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 1:1-3</a>) Only then will we be able to make the best personal application of its timeless wisdom. Whether reading God’s Word in printed or electronic form, our goal should be to get it off the page and into our heart. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>24 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Josh. 1:8)</strong></a> This book of the Law should not depart from your mouth, and you must read it in an undertone* day and night, in order to observe carefully all that is written in it; for then your way will be successful and then you will act wisely.</p><p></p><p>Or “meditate on it.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:15, 16)</strong></a> So keep strict watch that how you walk is not as unwise but as wise persons, <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>making the best use of your time,* because the days are wicked.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “buying out the appointed time.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:97)</strong></a> How I do love your law! I ponder over* it all day long.</p><p></p><p>Or “study.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 1:1-3)</strong></a> Happy is the man who does not walk according to the advice of the wicked And does not stand on the path of sinners And does not sit in the seat of scoffers.  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>But his delight is in the law of Jehovah, And he reads His law in an undertone* day and night.  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>He will be like a tree planted by streams of water, A tree that produces fruit in its season, The foliage of which does not wither. And everything he does will succeed.</p><p></p><p>Or “he meditates on His law.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
