<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, November 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80"><span id="page117" class="pageNum" data-no="117" data-before-text="117"></span>Wednesday, November 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class = "themeScrp"><em>Listen . . . to the discipline of your father.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 1:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">Jehovah has assigned <em>parents​</em>—not grandparents or anyone else—​the privilege of raising their children in the truth. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 31:10,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 27, 28</a>) Still, parents who do not know the local language may need help to reach their children’s heart. Arranging for such help need not mean abdicating their spiritual responsibility; rather, it can be part of bringing up their children “in the discipline and admonition of Jehovah.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Eph. 6:4</a>) For example, parents may ask elders in the congregation for suggestions on conducting family worship and for help in providing good association for their children. Also, they may invite other families to join them in family worship from time to time. Further, many young people thrive under the influence of spiritually balanced companions who may, for example, accompany them in the ministry and share with them in wholesome recreation.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Prov. 27:17</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>11-12 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 1:8)</strong></a> Listen, my son, to the discipline of your father, And do not forsake the instruction* of your mother.</p><p></p><p>Or “law.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 31:10)</strong></a> Who can find a capable* wife? Her value is far more than that of corals.*</p><p></p><p>Or “an excellent.”</p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 31:27, 28)</strong></a> She watches over the activity of her household, And the bread of laziness she does not eat. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>Her children rise up and declare her happy; Her husband rises up and praises her.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:4)</strong></a> And fathers, do not be irritating your children, but go on bringing them up in the discipline and admonition* of Jehovah.*</p><p></p><p>Or “instruction; guidance.” Lit., “putting mind in.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Prov. 27:17)</strong></a> As iron sharpens iron, So one man sharpens his friend.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the face of his friend.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
