<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, November 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Thursday, November 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class = "themeScrp"><em>Flee to Egypt.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 2:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">After Jehovah’s angel warned Joseph that King Herod intended to kill Jesus, young Jesus and his parents became refugees in Egypt. They remained there until Herod died. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 2:14,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 19-21</a>) Decades later, Jesus’ early disciples “were scattered throughout the regions of Judea and Samaria” because of persecution. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 8:1</a>) Jesus had foreseen that many of his followers would be forced from their homes. He said: “When they persecute you in one city, flee to another.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 10:23</a>) This has been the case for thousands of Jehovah’s Witnesses. Many have lost loved ones and nearly all their possessions. Some faced danger when fleeing or when living in a refugee camp where people drank, gambled, stole, and were immoral. Yet, they kept a positive attitude by recalling that, like Israel’s trek in the wilderness, their stay in the camp would eventually come to an end.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">2 Cor. 4:18</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>3-4 ¶2-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 2:13)</strong></a> After they had departed, look! Jehovah’s angel appeared to Joseph in a dream, saying: “Get up, take the young child and his mother and flee to Egypt, and stay there until I give you word, for Herod is about to search for the young child to kill him.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 2:14)</strong></a> So Joseph got up and by night took along the young child and the child’s mother and went into Egypt.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 2:19-21)</strong></a> When Herod had died, look! Jehovah’s angel appeared in a dream to Joseph in Egypt <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>and said: “Get up, take the young child and his mother and go into the land of Israel, for those who were seeking the life of the young child are dead.” <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>So he got up and took the young child and the child’s mother and entered into the land of Israel.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 8:1)</strong></a> Saul, for his part, approved of his murder. On that day great persecution arose against the congregation that was in Jerusalem; all except the apostles were scattered throughout the regions of Ju·deʹa and Sa·marʹi·a.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 10:23)</strong></a> When they persecute you in one city, flee to another; for truly I say to you, you will by no means complete the circuit of the cities of Israel until the Son of man arrives.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 4:18)</strong></a> while we keep our eyes, not on the things seen, but on the things unseen. For the things seen are temporary, but the things unseen are everlasting.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
