<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, November 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17"><span id="page110" class="pageNum" data-no="110" data-before-text="110"></span>Wednesday, November 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class = "themeScrp"><em>Men will be . . . boastful, haughty, . . . puffed up with pride.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Tim. 3:2,</a></em><span id="citationsource2"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2"> 4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">People with such traits crave to be admired and adored. One scholar wrote the following about the person who has an all-consuming pride: “In his heart there is a little altar where he bows down before himself.” Some have said that inordinate pride is so distasteful that even the proud dislike it in others. Jehovah certainly detests pride. He hates “haughty eyes.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 6:16, 17</a>) Pride hinders approach to God. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 10:4</a>) It is a characteristic of the Devil. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Tim. 3:6</a>) Sadly, though, even some loyal servants of Jehovah have become infected with pride. Uzziah, a king of Judah, proved faithful for years. “However,” the Bible states, “as soon as he was strong, his heart became haughty to his own ruin, and he acted unfaithfully against Jehovah his God by entering the temple of Jehovah to burn incense.” Later, King Hezekiah too fell prey to haughtiness, though only temporarily.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">2 Chron. 26:16;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 32:25, 26</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>28 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:2)</strong></a> For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, disloyal,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:4)</strong></a> betrayers, headstrong, puffed up with pride, lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 6:16, 17)</strong></a> There are six things that Jehovah hates; Yes, seven things that he* detests: <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Haughty eyes, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood,</p><p></p><p>Or “his soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 10:4)</strong></a> In his haughtiness, the wicked man makes no investigation; All his thoughts are: “There is no God.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 3:6)</strong></a> not a newly converted man, for fear that he might get puffed up with pride and fall into the judgment passed on the Devil.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(2 Chron. 26:16)</strong></a> However, as soon as he was strong, his heart became haughty to his own ruin, and he acted unfaithfully against Jehovah his God by entering the temple of Jehovah to burn incense on the altar of incense.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(2 Chron. 32:25, 26)</strong></a> But Hez·e·kiʹah did not respond appreciatively to the good done to him, for his heart became haughty, bringing indignation against him and against Judah and Jerusalem. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>However, Hez·e·kiʹah humbled himself for the haughtiness of his heart, he and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and Jehovah’s indignation did not come upon them in the days of Hez·e·kiʹah.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
