<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, November 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Saturday, November 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class = "themeScrp"><em>Sing for us one of the songs of Zion.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 137:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">As captives in Babylon, the Jews did not feel like singing. They needed comfort and consolation. However, true to God’s prophetic word, deliverance came through Cyrus, king of Persia. He conquered Babylon and proclaimed: “Jehovah . . . has commissioned me to build him a house in Jerusalem . . . Whoever there is among you of all his people, may Jehovah his God be with him, and let him go up.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Chron. 36:23</a>) What a comforting effect this development must have had on the Israelites dwelling in Babylon! Jehovah gave comfort not only to the nation of Israel as a whole but also to each individual. The same is true today. God “heals the brokenhearted; he binds up their wounds.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 147:3</a>) Yes, Jehovah cares for those who are having problems​—whether physical or emotional. He is eager to comfort us and to soothe our emotional wounds. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 34:18;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Isa. 57:15</a>) He gives us wisdom and strength so that we can cope with any troubles we may face.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Jas. 1:5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>18 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 137:3)</strong></a> For there our captors asked us for a song, Those mocking us wanted amusement: “Sing for us one of the songs of Zion.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Chron. 36:23)</strong></a> “This is what King Cyrus of Persia says, ‘Jehovah the God of the heavens has given me all the kingdoms of the earth, and he has commissioned me to build him a house in Jerusalem, which is in Judah. Whoever there is among you of all his people, may Jehovah his God be with him, and let him go up.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 147:3)</strong></a> He heals the brokenhearted; He binds up their wounds.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 34:18)</strong></a> Jehovah is close to the brokenhearted; He saves those who are crushed in spirit.*</p><p></p><p>Or “are discouraged.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Isa. 57:15)</strong></a> For this is what the High and Lofty One says, Who lives* forever and whose name is holy: “I reside in the high and holy place, But also with those crushed and lowly in spirit, To revive the spirit of the lowly And to revive the heart of those being crushed.</p><p></p><p>Or “resides.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:5)</strong></a> So if any one of you is lacking in wisdom, let him keep asking God, for he gives generously to all and without reproaching,* and it will be given him.</p><p></p><p>Or “finding fault.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
