<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, November 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Tuesday, November 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class = "themeScrp"><em>He is an upright man of integrity, fearing God and shunning what is bad.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Job 1:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">The life of Job is a study in contrasts. Before his trial, he was “the greatest of all the people of the East.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Job 1:3</a>) He was wealthy, well-known, and highly respected. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Job 29:7-16</a>) Yet, despite all of this, Job did not develop a lofty view of himself or feel that he did not need God. In fact, Jehovah called him “my servant.” Satan launched a series of vicious attacks against Job, leading Job to assume that God was to blame. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Job 1:13-21</a>) Then three false comforters arrived and attacked Job with cruel words, basically saying that God was giving him what he deserved! (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Job 2:11;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 22:1,</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 5-10</a>) Yet, Job maintained his integrity. When the trial was over, Jehovah gave Job double what he had before the trial began, as well as an added 140 years of life. (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Jas. 5:11</a>) During that time, he continued to give Jehovah exclusive devotion. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>6 ¶16;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation2"> 7 ¶18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Job 1:8)</strong></a> And Jehovah said to Satan: “Have you taken note of* my servant Job? There is no one like him on the earth. He is an upright man of integrity,* fearing God and shunning what is bad.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “set your heart upon.”</p><p>Or “a blameless and upright man.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Job 1:3)</strong></a> His livestock amounted to 7,000 sheep, 3,000 camels, 1,000 cattle,* and 500 donkeys,* along with a very large number of servants, so that he became the greatest of all the people of the East.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “500 pairs of cattle.”</p><p>Lit., “female donkeys.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Job 29:7-16)</strong></a> When I used to go out to the city gate And take my seat in the public square,  <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>The young men would see me and step aside,* And even the old men would rise and remain standing.  <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Princes refrained from speaking; They would put their hand over their mouth. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>The voices of the prominent men were silenced; Their tongue was stuck to the roof of their mouth. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>Whoever heard me would speak well of me, And those who saw me would testify for me. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>For I would rescue the poor who cried for help, Along with the fatherless child and anyone who had no helper. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>The one about to perish would bless me, And I made the heart of the widow rejoice. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>I put on righteousness as my clothing; My justice was like a robe* and a turban. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>I became eyes to the blind And feet to the lame. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>I was a father to the poor; I would investigate the legal case of those I did not know.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “hide themselves.”</p><p>Or “sleeveless coat.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Job 1:13-21)</strong></a> Now on the day when his sons and daughters were eating and drinking wine in their oldest brother’s house, <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>a messenger came to Job and said: “The cattle were plowing and the donkeys were grazing beside them <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>when the Sa·beʹans attacked and took them, and they killed the servants with the sword. I am the only one who escaped to tell you.” <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>While he was still speaking, another one came and said: “Fire from God* fell from the heavens and blazed among the sheep and the servants and consumed them! I am the only one who escaped to tell you.” <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>While he was still speaking, another one came and said: “The Chal·deʹans formed three bands and made a raid on the camels and took them, and they killed the servants with the sword. I am the only one who escaped to tell you.” <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>While he was still speaking, yet another one came and said: “Your sons and your daughters were eating and drinking wine in their oldest brother’s house. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Suddenly a great wind came from the wilderness, and it struck the four corners of the house, so that it fell on the young people and they were killed. I am the only one who escaped to tell you.” <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>At that Job got up and ripped apart his garment and cut the hair off his head; then he fell to the ground and bowed down <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>and said: “Naked I came out of my mother’s womb, And naked I will return. Jehovah has given, and Jehovah has taken away. Let the name of Jehovah continue to be praised.”</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “Lightning.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Job 2:11)</strong></a> Three companions* of Job heard about all the calamities that had come upon him, and each came from his own place—Elʹi·phaz the Teʹman·ite, Bilʹdad the Shuʹhite, and Zoʹphar the Naʹa·ma·thite. So they agreed to meet together to go and sympathize with Job and comfort him.</p><p></p><p>Or “acquaintances.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Job 22:1)</strong></a> Elʹi·phaz the Teʹman·ite said in reply:</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Job 22:5-10)</strong></a> Is it not because your own wickedness is so great And there is no end to your errors?  <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>For you seize a pledge from your brothers for no reason, And you strip people of their garments, leaving them naked.*  <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>You do not give the tired one a drink of water, And you hold back food from the hungry.  <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>The land belongs to the powerful man, And the favored one dwells in it.  <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>But you sent away widows empty-handed, And you crushed the arms of fatherless children.* <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>That is why you are surrounded by traps,* And sudden terrors frighten you;</p><p></p><p>Lit., “strip off garments of the naked.”</p><p>Or “of orphans.”</p><p>Lit., “bird traps.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Jas. 5:11)</strong></a> Look! We consider happy* those who have endured. You have heard of the endurance of Job and have seen the outcome Jehovah* gave, that Jehovah* is very tender in affection* and merciful.</p><p></p><p>Or “blessed.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Or “very compassionate.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
