<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, November 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Sunday, November 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class = "themeScrp"><em>You will stand up for your lot at the end of the days.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Dan. 12:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">Daniel was almost 100 years old and nearing the end of his life. Would Daniel get to live again? Absolutely! At the end of the book of Daniel, we read God’s assurance to him: “As for you, go on to the end. You will rest.” Elderly Daniel knew that the dead are at rest, with no “planning nor knowledge nor wisdom in the Grave.” Daniel would soon be going there. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eccl. 9:10</a>) But that would not be the end of him. He was promised a future. The message to the prophet Daniel continued with the words of today’s text. No date or length of time was given. Daniel was to come to his end in death and then rest. Yet, saying that he would ‘stand up for his lot’ in the future amounted to a clear promise of a resurrection to come​—long after he had died. That would be “at the end of the days.” The <em>Jerusalem Bible </em>renders the promise to Daniel: “You will rise for your share at the end of time.” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.12 </em>7 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Dan. 12:13)</strong></a> “But as for you, go on to the end. You will rest, but you will stand up for your lot* at the end of the days.”</p><p></p><p>Or “in your allotted place.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eccl. 9:10)</strong></a> Whatever your hand finds to do, do with all your might, for there is no work nor planning nor knowledge nor wisdom in the Grave,* where you are going.</p><p></p><p>Or “Sheol,” that is, the common grave of mankind. See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
