<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, November 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019020"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Monday, November 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class = "themeScrp"><em>No one will be put to death on the testimony of just one witness.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Num. 35:30</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">Jehovah commissioned Israelite elders to imitate his high standard of justice. First, the elders needed to establish the facts. Further, they had to weigh carefully a manslayer’s motive, attitude, and previous conduct when deciding whether to show mercy. To reflect divine justice, they had to determine whether the fugitive acted “out of hatred” and “with malicious intent.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Num. 35:20-24</a>) If the testimony of witnesses was considered, at least two witnesses had to substantiate a charge of intentional murder. Thus, after establishing the facts of the case, the elders had to look at the <em>person, </em>not just the action. They needed insight, the ability to look beyond the obvious and to see into a matter. Above all, they needed Jehovah’s holy spirit, which would enable them to reflect his insight, mercy, and justice.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ex. 34:6, 7</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019020-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>16 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Num. 35:30)</strong></a> “‘Whoever kills a person* should be put to death as a murderer on the testimony* of witnesses; but no one* will be put to death on the testimony of just one witness.</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.”</p><p>Lit., “mouth.”</p><p>Or “soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Num. 35:20-24)</strong></a> If death resulted because he pushed him out of hatred or threw something at him with malicious intent,* <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>or out of hatred he struck him with his hand, and he died, the one who struck him will be put to death without fail. He is a murderer. The avenger of blood will put the murderer to death when he encounters him. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>“‘But if it was unexpectedly and not out of hatred that he pushed him or threw any article at him without malicious intent,* <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>or if he did not see him and caused a stone to fall on him and he was not an enemy or seeking his injury, and the person died, <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>the assembly should then judge between the one who struck him and the avenger of blood, in harmony with these judgments.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “while lying in wait.”</p><p>Lit., “without lying in wait.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ex. 34:6, 7)</strong></a> Jehovah was passing before him and declaring: “Jehovah, Jehovah, a God merciful and compassionate,* slow to anger and abundant in loyal love* and truth,* <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>showing loyal love to thousands, pardoning error and transgression and sin, but he will by no means leave the guilty unpunished, bringing punishment for the error of fathers upon sons and upon grandsons, upon the third generation and upon the fourth generation.”</p><p></p><p>Or “gracious.”</p><p>Or “loving-kindness.”</p><p>Or “faithfulness.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
