<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, December 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Wednesday, December 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class = "themeScrp">[<em>Mary</em>] <em>kept all these sayings in her heart.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 2:51</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">Why did Jehovah choose Mary to become Jesus’ mother? No doubt because she was a spiritually-minded person. She showed clear evidence of spirituality in her beautiful expressions of praise when she visited the home of her relatives Zechariah and Elizabeth. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 1:46-55</a>) Mary’s statements show that she had a deep love for God’s Word and was thoroughly familiar with the Hebrew Scriptures. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 30:13;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 1 Sam. 2:1-10;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Mal. 3:12</a>) Note, too, that she and Joseph, although newly married, refrained from sexual relations until Jesus was born. This shows that both of them were more concerned with Jehovah’s will than with satisfying their personal desires. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Matt. 1:25</a>) As time passed, Mary carefully noted what took place in Jesus’ life and paid attention to the words of wisdom he spoke. She was clearly interested in God’s purpose in connection with the Messiah. Does not Mary’s example help us to think of how we can put God’s will first in our life? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>21 ¶11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 2:51)</strong></a> Then he went down with them and returned to Nazʹa·reth, and he continued subject to them. Also, his mother carefully kept all these sayings in her heart.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 1:46-55)</strong></a> And Mary said: “My soul magnifies Jehovah, <strong><sup>47 </sup></strong>and my spirit cannot keep from being overjoyed at God my Savior, <strong><sup>48 </sup></strong>because he has looked upon the low position of his slave girl. For look! from now on all generations will declare me happy, <strong><sup>49 </sup></strong>because the powerful One has done great deeds for me, and holy is his name, <strong><sup>50 </sup></strong>and for generation after generation his mercy is upon those who fear him. <strong><sup>51 </sup></strong>He has acted mightily with his arm; he has scattered those who are haughty in the intention of their hearts. <strong><sup>52 </sup></strong>He has brought down powerful men from thrones and has exalted lowly ones; <strong><sup>53 </sup></strong>he has fully satisfied hungry ones with good things and has sent away empty-handed those who had wealth. <strong><sup>54 </sup></strong>He has come to the aid of Israel his servant, remembering his mercy, <strong><sup>55 </sup></strong>just as he spoke to our forefathers, to Abraham and to his offspring,* forever.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 30:13)</strong></a> Then Leʹah said: “With my happiness! For the daughters will certainly pronounce me happy.” So she named him Ashʹer.*</p><p></p><p>Meaning “Happy; Happiness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 2:1-10)</strong></a> Then Hanʹnah said in prayer: “My heart rejoices in Jehovah; My horn* is exalted by Jehovah. My mouth is opened wide against my enemies, For I rejoice in your acts of salvation.  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>There is no one holy like Jehovah, There is no one but you, And there is no rock like our God.  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Do not keep speaking with haughtiness; Let nothing arrogant come from your mouth, For Jehovah is a God of knowledge, And by him deeds are rightly evaluated.  <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>The bows of mighty men are shattered, But those who are stumbling are given strength.  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>The well-fed must hire themselves out for bread, But the hungry hunger no more. The barren has given birth to seven, But she who had many sons has become desolate.*  <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>Jehovah kills, and he preserves life;* He brings down to the Grave,* and he raises up.  <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Jehovah impoverishes, and he enriches; He abases, and he exalts.  <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>He raises the lowly one from the dust; He lifts up the poor from the ash heap,* To make them sit with princes, Giving them a seat of honor. To Jehovah belong earth’s supports, And he places the productive land upon them.  <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>He guards the steps of his loyal ones, But the wicked will be silenced in darkness, For not by power does a man prevail. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Jehovah will shatter those fighting against him;* He will thunder against them from the heavens. Jehovah will judge to the ends of the earth, He will give power to his king And exalt the horn* of his anointed one.”</p><p></p><p>Or “strength.” See Glossary.</p><p>Lit., “has withered.”</p><p>Or “brings to life.”</p><p>Or “Sheol,” that is, the common grave of mankind. See Glossary.</p><p>Or possibly, “garbage dump.”</p><p>Or possibly, “Those contending against Jehovah will be terrified.”</p><p>Or “strength.” See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Mal. 3:12)</strong></a> “All the nations will have to declare you happy, for you will become a land of delight,” says Jehovah of armies.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Matt. 1:25)</strong></a> But he did not have sexual relations with her until she gave birth to a son, and he named him Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
