<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, December 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Sunday, December 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class = "themeScrp"><em>Do not be anxious, for I am your God. I will fortify you, yes, I will help you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 41:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">You young ones will probably agree that before starting a journey, it is wise to plan where you will go. Life is like a journey, and the time to plan where you want to go is when you are young. Of course, making plans can be challenging. But take courage. Note what Jehovah says in today’s text. Jehovah urges you to plan wisely for your future. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eccl. 12:1;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Matt. 6:20</a>) He wants you to be happy. The delightful sights, sounds, and tastes of creation tell you that. Consider, too, how he cares for us and teaches us the best way of life. To those who reject his advice, Jehovah says: “You chose what displeased me. . . . Look! My servants will rejoice, but you will suffer shame. Look! My servants will shout joyfully because of the good condition of the heart.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Isa. 65:12-14</a>) Jehovah is glorified when his people make wise choices in life.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Prov. 27:11</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>22 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 41:10)</strong></a> Do not be afraid, for I am with you. Do not be anxious, for I am your God. I will fortify you, yes, I will help you, I will really hold on to you with my right hand of righteousness.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eccl. 12:1)</strong></a> Remember, then, your Grand Creator in the days of your youth, before the days of distress* come and the years arrive when you will say: “I have no pleasure in them”;</p><p></p><p>Or “the calamitous days.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:20)</strong></a> Rather, store up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust consumes, and where thieves do not break in and steal.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 65:12-14)</strong></a> So I will destine you for the sword, And all of you will bow down to be slaughtered, Because I called, but you did not answer, I spoke, but you did not listen; You kept doing what was bad in my eyes, And you chose what displeased me.” <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Therefore this is what the Sovereign Lord Jehovah says: “Look! My servants will eat, but you will go hungry. Look! My servants will drink, but you will go thirsty. Look! My servants will rejoice, but you will suffer shame. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>Look! My servants will shout joyfully because of the good condition of the heart, But you will cry out because of the pain of heart And you will wail because of a broken spirit.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Prov. 27:11)</strong></a> Be wise, my son, and make my heart rejoice, So that I can make a reply to him who taunts me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
