<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, December 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Thursday, December 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class = "themeScrp">[<em>Job</em>] <em>is an upright man of integrity.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Job 1:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">How can we imitate Job’s faith and obedience? No matter what our circumstances may be, let us always keep Jehovah at the center of our lives, trusting him fully and obeying him with a complete heart. Indeed, we have even more reason to do so than Job had! Consider: We know a lot about Satan and his tactics. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 2:11</a>) Thanks in part to the book of Job, we know why God permits suffering. From Daniel’s prophecy, we understand that God’s Kingdom is a world government in the hands of Christ Jesus. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Dan. 7:13, 14</a>) And we know that this Kingdom will soon bring a permanent end to all suffering. Job’s experience also highlights our need to show compassion to fellow Christians who may be enduring hardships. Like Job, some may even speak rashly at times. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Eccl. 7:7</a>) But instead of judging them, let us show insight and compassion. In this way, we imitate our loving and merciful Father, Jehovah.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 103:8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>6 ¶16;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation2"> 7 ¶19-20</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Job 1:8)</strong></a> And Jehovah said to Satan: “Have you taken note of* my servant Job? There is no one like him on the earth. He is an upright man of integrity,* fearing God and shunning what is bad.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “set your heart upon.”</p><p>Or “a blameless and upright man.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 2:11)</strong></a> so that we may not be overreached* by Satan, for we are not ignorant of his designs.*</p><p></p><p>Or “outwitted.”</p><p>Or “intentions; schemes.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Dan. 7:13, 14)</strong></a> “I kept watching in the visions of the night, and look! with the clouds of the heavens, someone like a son of man was coming; and he gained access to the Ancient of Days, and they brought him up close before that One. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>And to him there were given rulership, honor, and a kingdom, that the peoples, nations, and language groups should all serve him. His rulership is an everlasting rulership that will not pass away, and his kingdom will not be destroyed.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Eccl. 7:7)</strong></a> But oppression can drive the wise one into madness, and a bribe corrupts the heart.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 103:8)</strong></a> Jehovah is merciful and compassionate,* Slow to anger and abundant in loyal love.*</p><p></p><p>Or “gracious.”</p><p>Or “loving-kindness.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
