<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, December 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44"><span id="page123" class="pageNum" data-no="123" data-before-text="123"></span>Sunday, December 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class = "themeScrp"><em>Build yourselves up on your most holy faith, and pray with holy spirit.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jude 20</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">When a family member is disfellowshipped or he disassociates himself from the congregation, it can feel like the stab of a sword. How can you cope with the pain that this brings? It is important to keep up your spiritual routine. Build yourself up by regularly reading the Bible, preparing for and attending Christian meetings, sharing in the field ministry, and praying for the strength to endure. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jude 21</a>) But what if you feel that your heart is not in your activity, that you are just going through the motions? Do not give up! A good spiritual routine can help you to gain control of your thoughts and feelings. Consider the experience of the writer of <span id="citationsource3"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted15.xhtml#citation3">Psalm 73</a>. He had developed a wrong viewpoint and had become greatly troubled, but he was able to correct his thinking when he entered God’s place of worship. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 73:16, 17</a>) Your faithfully worshipping Jehovah can help you to do the same. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>16 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jude 20)</strong></a> But you, beloved ones, build yourselves up on your most holy faith, and pray with holy spirit,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jude 21)</strong></a> in order to keep yourselves in God’s love, while you await the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ with everlasting life in view.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 73:16, 17)</strong></a> When I tried to understand it, It was troubling to me <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Until I entered the grand sanctuary of God, And I discerned their future.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
