<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, December 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71"><span id="page126" class="pageNum" data-no="126" data-before-text="126"></span>Tuesday, December 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class = "themeScrp"><em>The generous person will be blessed.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 22:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">A brother from Sri Lanka, now living abroad, has made his property back home available for meetings and assemblies and for housing full-time servants. It is a financial sacrifice for the brother but a great help to the local publishers of little means. In a land where the work is restricted, brothers make their homes available for use as local Kingdom Halls, allowing many pioneers and others with limited funds to have a meeting place without a financial burden. A sister who contributes regularly to the Kingdom work tells of a blessing she has received: “By being materially generous, I have experienced an unusual phenomenon within myself over the years. I find that the more generous I am materially, the more generous my disposition toward others has become. I am more generous in being forgiving, in being patient with others, and in being able to accept disappointments and counsel.” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>9 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 22:9)</strong></a> The generous person* will be blessed, For he shares his food with the poor.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “He with a good eye.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
