<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, December 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8"><span id="page119" class="pageNum" data-no="119" data-before-text="119"></span>Tuesday, December 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class = "themeScrp"><em>Baptism . . . is also now saving you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 3:21</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">Before a student can get baptized, he must cultivate faith based on accurate knowledge of God, His purpose, and His arrangement for salvation. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Tim. 2:3-6</a>) Such faith moves the student to reject conduct that is displeasing to God and to come in line with Jehovah’s righteous standards. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 3:19</a>) Understandably, an individual could not make a valid dedication to God while engaging in any conduct that would exclude him from the Kingdom. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 6:9, 10</a>) But more is needed than adhering to Jehovah’s elevated moral standards. One who is pursuing righteousness would also be present at congregation meetings and have a meaningful share in the lifesaving preaching and disciple-making work. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Acts 1:8</a>) Only after taking such steps can a new disciple make a valid dedication to Jehovah in private prayer and then publicly symbolize this dedication by getting baptized before onlookers. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>6 ¶12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:21)</strong></a> Baptism, which corresponds to this, is also now saving you (not by the removing of the filth of the flesh, but by the request to God for a good conscience), through the resurrection of Jesus Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 2:3-6)</strong></a> This is fine and acceptable in the sight of our Savior, God, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>whose will is that all sorts of people should be saved and come to an accurate knowledge of truth. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, a man, Christ Jesus, <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>who gave himself a corresponding ransom for all*—this is what is to be witnessed to in its own due time.</p><p></p><p>Or “all sorts of people.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 3:19)</strong></a> “Repent, therefore, and turn around so as to get your sins blotted out, so that seasons of refreshing may come from Jehovah himself</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 6:9, 10)</strong></a> Or do you not know that unrighteous people will not inherit God’s Kingdom? Do not be misled.* Those who are sexually immoral,* idolaters, adulterers, men who submit to homosexual acts, men who practice homosexuality,* <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>thieves, greedy people, drunkards, revilers,* and extortioners will not inherit God’s Kingdom.</p><p></p><p>Or “deceived.”</p><p>See Glossary, “Sexual immorality.”</p><p>Or “men who have sex with men.” Lit., “men who lie with men.”</p><p>Or “the verbally abusive.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 1:8)</strong></a> But you will receive power when the holy spirit comes upon you, and you will be witnesses of me in Jerusalem, in all Ju·deʹa and Sa·marʹi·a, and to the most distant part of the earth.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
