<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, December 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62"><span id="page125" class="pageNum" data-no="125" data-before-text="125"></span>Saturday, December 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class = "themeScrp"><em>You too exercise patience.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jas. 5:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">According to the Bible, patience is a product of holy spirit; without God’s help, imperfect humans cannot be patient to the degree needed. Patience is a gift from God, and being patient is a key way to show our love for him. Patience is also an expression of our love for others. Persistent impatience weakens the bonds of love; patience strengthens them. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 13:4;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Gal. 5:22</a>) Patience involves a number of other vital Christian qualities. For example, it is closely connected with endurance, which enables us to put up with difficult circumstances while maintaining a positive attitude. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Col. 1:11;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Jas. 1:3, 4</a>) Patience can also involve suffering without retaliating and remaining firm and steadfast no matter what may come our way. Additionally, the Bible urges us to <em>accept willingly the need to wait. </em>This aspect of patience is highlighted at <span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">James 5:7, 8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>4 ¶4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jas. 5:8)</strong></a> You too exercise patience; make your hearts firm, because the presence of the Lord has drawn close.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 13:4)</strong></a> Love is patient* and kind. Love is not jealous. It does not brag, does not get puffed up,</p><p></p><p>Or “long-suffering.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gal. 5:22)</strong></a> On the other hand, the fruitage of the spirit is love, joy, peace, patience,* kindness, goodness, faith,</p><p></p><p>Or “long-suffering.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Col. 1:11)</strong></a> and may you be strengthened with all power according to his glorious might so that you may endure fully with patience and joy,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:3, 4)</strong></a> knowing as you do that this tested quality of your faith produces endurance. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>But let endurance complete its work, so that you may be complete and sound in all respects, not lacking in anything.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Jas. 5:7, 8)</strong></a> Be patient then, brothers, until the presence of the Lord. Look! The farmer keeps waiting for the precious fruit of the earth, exercising patience over it until the early rain and the late rain arrive. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>You too exercise patience; make your hearts firm, because the presence of the Lord has drawn close.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
