<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, December 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Thursday, December 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class = "themeScrp"><em>The fruitage of the spirit is . . . self-control.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gal. 5:22, 23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Why should you be interested in cultivating self-control? Consider two important reasons. First, it has been observed that people who are able to control their impulses generally have fewer major problems. They are more stable emotionally, they are better at forming wholesome relationships, and they are not as angry and prone to anxiety and depression as are impulsive people. Second, the ability to resist temptation and to control inappropriate impulses is fundamental to retaining God’s favor. The failure of Adam and Eve illustrates this truth. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 3:6</a>) And think of the sad results reaped by others who since then have failed to exercise this important quality. No imperfect human can exercise perfect self-control. Jehovah is aware of his servants’ struggles in this regard, and he wants to help them dominate their sinful tendencies.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Ki. 8:46-50</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>3-4 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gal. 5:22, 23)</strong></a> On the other hand, the fruitage of the spirit is love, joy, peace, patience,* kindness, goodness, faith, <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>mildness, self-control. Against such things there is no law.</p><p></p><p>Or “long-suffering.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:6)</strong></a> Consequently, the woman saw that the tree was good for food and that it was something desirable to the eyes, yes, the tree was pleasing to look at. So she began taking of its fruit and eating it. Afterward, she also gave some to her husband when he was with her, and he began eating it.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 8:46-50)</strong></a> “If they sin against you (for there is no man who does not sin), and you are furious with them and you abandon them to an enemy, and their captors carry them off captive to the land of the enemy, far or near; <strong><sup>47 </sup></strong>and they come to their senses in the land where they were carried off captive, and they return to you and beg you for favor in the land of their captors, saying, ‘We have sinned and done wrong; we have acted wickedly,’ <strong><sup>48 </sup></strong>and they return to you with all their heart and all their soul* in the land of their enemies who carried them off captive, and they pray to you in the direction of their land that you gave to their forefathers and of the city that you have chosen and the house that I have built for your name, <strong><sup>49 </sup></strong>then hear from the heavens, your dwelling place, their prayer and their request for favor, and execute judgment for them <strong><sup>50 </sup></strong>and forgive your people who have sinned against you, forgiving all their transgressions they committed against you. You will make them objects of pity before their captors, and they will pity them</p><p></p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
