<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, December 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Saturday, December 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class = "themeScrp"><em>They . . . kept earnestly begging us for the privilege of kindly giving.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Cor. 8:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">We may be asked to make donations for a specific purpose. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 4:34, 35;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 1 Cor. 16:2</a>) For example, are there plans to build a new Kingdom Hall that your congregation will use? We may be made aware of financial needs with regard to a convention we are attending or assistance to our brothers after a natural disaster. We also donate to support those caring for the work at world headquarters and at branch offices around the earth. Our donations support missionaries, special pioneers, and those in the circuit work. All of us can have a share in supporting the work that Jehovah is accomplishing in these last days. Most donations are anonymous. We discreetly place funds in the contribution boxes at the Kingdom Hall, or we may make donations online through jw.org. We may feel that our small donations do not mean much. Yet, the majority of donated funds today come from many small gifts rather than from a few large ones. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>19 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 8:4)</strong></a> while they on their own initiative kept earnestly begging us for the privilege of kindly giving, to have a share in the relief ministry for the holy ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 4:34, 35)</strong></a> In fact, no one was in need among them, for all those who owned fields or houses would sell them and bring the value of what was sold, <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>and they would deposit it at the feet of the apostles. In turn distribution would be made to each one according to his need.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 16:2)</strong></a> On the first day of every week, each of you should set something aside according to his own means, so that collections will not take place when I arrive.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
