<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, December 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53"><span id="page124" class="pageNum" data-no="124" data-before-text="124"></span>Wednesday, December 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class = "themeScrp"><em>Have . . . tender compassion.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 3:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">Showing compassion for one’s neighbor and Christian brothers is a basic requirement of those who strive to imitate Jesus. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 13:34, 35</a>) One meaning of compassion is “to suffer together.” A person who shows compassion is moved to relieve others’ suffering, perhaps by helping them out of their difficulties. Seek opportunities to do so! The sufferings of those struck by disasters move many to manifest compassion. Jehovah’s people are known for coming forward to help in such times of need. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Pet. 2:17</a>) One Japanese sister lived in an area that was seriously damaged by the earthquake and tsunami of 2011. She says that she was “very encouraged and comforted” by the efforts of the many volunteers from elsewhere in Japan and from overseas to repair property damage. She writes: “This experience helped me to realize that Jehovah cares. And fellow Witnesses care about one another. Many brothers and sisters all over the world are praying for us.” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>11 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:8)</strong></a> Finally, all of you have unity of mind,* fellow feeling, brotherly affection, tender compassion, and humility.</p><p></p><p>Or “think in agreement.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 13:34, 35)</strong></a> I am giving you a new commandment, that you love one another; just as I have loved you, you also love one another. <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>By this all will know that you are my disciples—if you have love among yourselves.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:17)</strong></a> Honor men of all sorts, have love for the whole association of brothers,* be in fear of God, honor the king.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the brotherhood.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
