<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, December 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38">Friday, December 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class = "themeScrp"><em>He must flee to one of these cities.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Josh. 20:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">After he accidentally killed someone, a fugitive first had to “present his case in the hearing of the elders” at the gate of the city of refuge to which he had fled. He was to be received hospitably. Some time later, he was sent back to the elders of the city where the killing had occurred, and those elders judged the case. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Num. 35:24, 25</a>) Only after they had declared the killing accidental would the fugitive be returned to the city of refuge. Why were the elders involved? They were to keep the congregation of Israel clean and to help the unintentional manslayer to benefit from Jehovah’s mercy. One Bible scholar wrote that if the fugitive neglected to approach the elders, “it was at his peril . . . because he did not make use of the security God had provided for him.” If he did not seek refuge in one of the cities Jehovah had set aside, the closest relative of the person he had killed was free to put him to death. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>9 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Josh. 20:4)</strong></a> He must flee to one of these cities and stand at the entrance of the city gate and present his case in the hearing of the elders of that city. Then they must receive him into the city and give him a place and he will live with them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Num. 35:24, 25)</strong></a> the assembly should then judge between the one who struck him and the avenger of blood, in harmony with these judgments. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>The assembly should then save the manslayer from the hand of the avenger of blood and return him to his city of refuge to which he had fled, and he must dwell in it until the death of the high priest who was anointed with the holy oil.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
