<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, December 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Tuesday, December 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class = "themeScrp"><em>If, indeed, there is no resurrection of the dead, then Christ has not been raised up.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 15:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">What are the key teachings of your faith? Surely you would stress that Jehovah is the Creator and Life-Giver. You would likely mention your belief in Jesus Christ, who died as a ransom. And you would happily add that an earthly paradise is ahead, where God’s people will live forever. But would you mention the resurrection as one of your most cherished beliefs? We have good reasons to include the resurrection as a key teaching even if we personally hope to survive the great tribulation and live on earth forever. The resurrection is central to our faith. Had Christ not been resurrected, he would not be our ruling King, and our teaching about Christ’s rule would be in vain. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 15:12-19</a>) However, we know that Jesus was resurrected, and we hold firm to our belief in the resurrection.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Mark 12:18;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Acts 4:2, 3;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 17:32;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 23:6-8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.12 </em>8 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:13)</strong></a> If, indeed, there is no resurrection of the dead, then Christ has not been raised up.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:12-19)</strong></a> Now if it is being preached that Christ has been raised from the dead, how is it that some among you say there is no resurrection of the dead? <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>If, indeed, there is no resurrection of the dead, then Christ has not been raised up. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>But if Christ has not been raised up, our preaching is certainly in vain, and your faith is also in vain. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Moreover, we are also found to be false witnesses of God, because we have given witness against God by saying that he raised up the Christ, whom he did not raise up if the dead are really not to be raised up. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>For if the dead are not to be raised up, neither has Christ been raised up. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Further, if Christ has not been raised up, your faith is useless; you remain in your sins. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>Then also those who have fallen asleep in death in union with Christ have perished. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>If in this life only we have hoped in Christ, we are to be pitied more than anyone.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Mark 12:18)</strong></a> Now the Sadducees, who say there is no resurrection, came and asked him:</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 4:2, 3)</strong></a> These were annoyed because the apostles were teaching the people and were openly declaring the resurrection of Jesus from the dead.* <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>So they seized* them and took them into custody until the next day, for it was already evening.</p><p></p><p>Or “the resurrection from the dead in the case of Jesus.”</p><p>Or “arrested.” Lit., “laid hands on.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 17:32)</strong></a> Now when they heard of a resurrection of the dead, some began to scoff, while others said: “We will hear you again about this.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Acts 23:6-8)</strong></a> Now Paul, knowing that the one part was made up of Sadducees but the other of Pharisees, cried out in the Sanʹhe·drin: “Men, brothers, I am a Pharisee, a son of Pharisees. Over the hope of the resurrection of the dead I am being judged.” <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Because he said this, a dissension arose between the Pharisees and the Sadducees, and the assembly was split. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>For the Sadducees say that there is neither resurrection nor angel nor spirit, but the Pharisees accept* them all.</p><p></p><p>Or “publicly declare.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
