<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, December 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Saturday, December 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class = "themeScrp"><em>No greater joy do I have than this: that I should hear that my children go on walking in the truth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">3 John 4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">Those whom parents choose to help their children should always build up the young ones’ respect for their parents, speaking positively about them, not taking over their responsibility. Moreover, those who help should avoid any conduct that could be misinterpreted by some inside or outside the congregation as morally questionable. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Pet. 2:12</a>) Parents must not merely turn their children over to others for spiritual training. They must monitor the help given by companions and continue to teach their children themselves. Parents, pray to Jehovah for help, and try your best. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Chron. 15:7</a>) Put your child’s friendship with Jehovah ahead of your own interests. Do whatever you can to ensure that God’s Word reaches your child’s heart. Never stop believing that your child can become a fine servant of Jehovah. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>12 ¶19-20</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(3 John 4)</strong></a> No greater joy* do I have than this: that I should hear that my children go on walking in the truth.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “cause for thankfulness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:12)</strong></a> Maintain your conduct fine among the nations, so that when they accuse you of being wrongdoers, they may be eyewitnesses of your fine works and, as a result, glorify God in the day of his inspection.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Chron. 15:7)</strong></a> But you, be strong and do not become discouraged,* for your activity will be rewarded.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “do not let your hands drop.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
