<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, December 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80"><span id="page127" class="pageNum" data-no="127" data-before-text="127"></span>Friday, December 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class = "themeScrp"><em>The Kingdom of the heavens is like a traveling merchant seeking fine pearls.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 13:45</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">In Jesus’ illustration, the merchant found a magnificent pearl. But to buy it would mean that he would have to sell everything else that he owned. Can you imagine how precious that pearl was to him? The truth of God’s Kingdom is like that priceless pearl. If we love it as much as the merchant loved that pearl, we will be willing to give up everything in order to become and to remain one of the subjects of the Kingdom. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Mark 10:28-30</a>) Zacchaeus, for example, had become rich by extorting money. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 19:1-9</a>) Yet, when that unrighteous man heard Jesus preach about the Kingdom, he recognized the excelling value of what he was hearing and took immediate action. He exclaimed: “Look! The half of my belongings, Lord, I am giving to the poor, and whatever I extorted from anyone, I am restoring four times over.” He gladly gave up his ill-gotten riches and abandoned his greed for material things. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>10 ¶3-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 13:45)</strong></a> “Again the Kingdom of the heavens is like a traveling merchant seeking fine pearls.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Mark 10:28-30)</strong></a> Peter began to say to him: “Look! We have left all things and followed you.” <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>Jesus said: “Truly I say to you, no one has left house or brothers or sisters or mother or father or children or fields for my sake and for the sake of the good news <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>who will not get 100 times more now in this period of time*—houses, brothers, sisters, mothers, children, and fields, with persecutions—and in the coming system of things, everlasting life.</p><p></p><p>Or “in the present time.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 19:1-9)</strong></a> He then entered Jerʹi·cho and was passing through. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>Now a man named Zac·chaeʹus was there; he was a chief tax collector, and he was rich. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Well, he was trying to see who this Jesus was, but he could not see because of the crowd, since he was short. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>So he ran ahead and climbed a sycamore tree* in order to see him, for he was about to pass that way. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>Now when Jesus got to the place, he looked up and said to him: “Zac·chaeʹus, hurry and get down, for today I must stay in your house.” <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>With that he hurried down and joyfully welcomed him as a guest. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>When they saw this, they were all muttering: “He went as a guest to the house of a man who is a sinner.” <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>But Zac·chaeʹus stood up and said to the Lord: “Look! The half of my belongings, Lord, I am giving to the poor, and whatever I extorted from anyone, I am restoring four times over.” <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>At this Jesus said to him: “Today salvation has come to this house, because he too is a son of Abraham.</p><p></p><p>Or “a fig-mulberry tree.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
