<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, December 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Monday, December 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class = "themeScrp"><em>The righteous one may fall seven times, and he will get up again.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 24:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">What will help one who falls to succeed? Not sheer willpower, but God’s spirit. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Phil. 4:13</a>) The fruitage of that spirit includes self-control, which is closely related to self-discipline. Also important are heartfelt prayer, Bible study, and meditation. But what if you find it hard to study God’s Word? Perhaps you do not consider yourself to be studious. Keep in mind, however, that Jehovah will help you if you let him. He can help you to “form a longing” for his Word. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Pet. 2:2</a>) First, pray to Jehovah for the needed self-discipline to study his Word. Then, work in harmony with your prayers, perhaps keeping study periods rather short. Over time, study will be both easier and more pleasurable! Indeed, you will find yourself cherishing your quiet times when you are absorbed in Jehovah’s precious thoughts.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Tim. 4:15</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>29 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 24:16)</strong></a> For the righteous one may fall seven times, and he will get up again, But the wicked will be made to stumble by calamity.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:13)</strong></a> For all things I have the strength through the one who gives me power.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:2)</strong></a> As newborn infants, form a longing for the unadulterated* milk of the word, so that by means of it you may grow to salvation,</p><p></p><p>Or “pure.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 4:15)</strong></a> Ponder over* these things; be absorbed in them, so that your advancement may be plainly seen by all people.</p><p></p><p>Or “Meditate on.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
