<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, December 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Friday, December 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class = "themeScrp"><em>Clothe yourselves with the new personality.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 3:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">At one time, Witnesses of different skin color in South Africa could not freely associate with one another. However, on Sunday, December 18, 2011, it was a wonderful sight to see over 78,000 of our brothers of different races from South Africa and neighboring countries packed into the largest stadium in the city of Johannesburg to enjoy a spiritual program. One of the managers of the stadium said: “This is the best-behaved crowd I have ever seen in this stadium. All are neatly dressed. And you people have cleaned the stadium so nicely. But most of all, you are truly multiracial.” Such comments by non-Witnesses show that our international brotherhood is truly unique. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Pet. 5:9</a>, ftn.) What, though, makes us so different from any other organization? With the help of God’s Word and his holy spirit, we work hard to “strip off the old personality.” In its place, we “clothe [ourselves] with the new personality.”​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Col. 3:9</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>17-18 ¶2-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 3:10)</strong></a> and clothe yourselves with the new personality, which through accurate knowledge is being made new according to the image of the One who created it,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:9)</strong></a> But take your stand against him, firm in the faith, knowing that the same kind of sufferings are being experienced by the entire association of your brothers* in the world.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “by your brotherhood.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Col. 3:9)</strong></a> Do not lie to one another. Strip off the old personality* with its practices,</p><p></p><p>Lit., “man.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
