<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, December 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page118" class="pageNum" data-no="118" data-before-text="118"></span><strong>December</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Sunday, December 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class = "themeScrp"><em>Be hospitable to one another without grumbling.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 4:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">In Bible times, hospitality normally included inviting someone to one’s home for a meal. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 18:1-8;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Judg. 13:15;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Luke 24:28-30</a>) An invitation to share food was an invitation to friendship and peace. Who should be among our primary guests? Those who are a regular part of our lives, the brothers and sisters in our congregation. When hard times come, will we not depend on one another? We need loyal friendships and peace with all of them. Circuit overseers and students at theocratic schools may need places to stay, as may construction volunteers. Natural disasters may leave some families homeless and in need of lodging until relief efforts can restore their dwellings. We should not assume that only those who have very comfortable homes are in a position to help; they may already have done so many times. Could you share in offering accommodations even if your circumstances are modest? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>15 ¶6;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted.xhtml#pcitation2"> 16 ¶9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 4:9)</strong></a> Be hospitable to one another without grumbling.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 18:1-8)</strong></a> Afterward, Jehovah appeared to him among the big trees of Mamʹre while he was sitting at the entrance of the tent during the hottest part of the day. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>He looked up and saw three men standing some distance from him. When he saw them, he ran from the entrance of the tent to meet them, and he bowed down to the ground. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Then he said: “Jehovah, if I have found favor in your eyes, please do not pass by your servant. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Please, let a little water be brought and have your feet washed; then recline under the tree. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>Seeing that you have come here to your servant, let me bring a piece of bread so that you may refresh yourselves.* Then you may go on your way.” At this they said: “All right. You may do as you have spoken.” <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>So Abraham hurried to the tent to Sarah and said: “Quick! Get three measures* of fine flour, knead the dough, and make loaves of bread.” <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Next Abraham ran to the herd and chose a tender and good young bull. He gave it to the attendant, who hurried to prepare it. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>He then took butter and milk and the young bull that he had prepared and set the food before them. Then he stood by them under the tree as they were eating.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “strengthen your heart.”</p><p>Lit., “seah measures.” A seah equaled 7.33 L (6.66 dry qt). See App. B14.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Judg. 13:15)</strong></a> Ma·noʹah now said to Jehovah’s angel: “Please stay, and let us prepare a young goat for you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 24:28-30)</strong></a> Finally they got close to the village to which they were traveling, and he made as if to travel on farther. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>But they urged him to remain, saying: “Stay with us, because it is almost evening and the day is nearly over.” With that he went in to stay with them. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>And as he was dining* with them, he took the bread, blessed it, broke it, and began handing it to them.</p><p></p><p>Or “reclining at the table.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
