<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, December 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17"><span id="page120" class="pageNum" data-no="120" data-before-text="120"></span>Friday, December 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class = "themeScrp"><em>Your humility makes me great.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 18:35</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">Some people become proud because of their good looks, popularity, musical ability, physical prowess, or exalted position. David had not just one of these assets but all of them; yet, he remained humble throughout his life. After he killed Goliath and was offered the daughter of King Saul to be his wife, David said: “Who am I . . . , for me to become son-in-law to the king?” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Sam. 18:18</a>) Like David, Jehovah’s people today strive to show humility. We are awed by the knowledge that Jehovah, the greatest Person in the universe, manifests the appealing quality of humility. We take to heart the inspired counsel: “Clothe yourselves with the tender affections of compassion, kindness, humility, mildness, and patience.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Col. 3:12</a>) We also know that love “does not brag, does not get puffed up.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 13:4</a>) When we show humility, people may be drawn to Jehovah. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>28 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 18:35)</strong></a> You give me your shield of salvation, Your right hand supports* me, And your humility makes me great.</p><p></p><p>Or “sustains.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 18:18)</strong></a> At this David said to Saul: “Who am I and who are my relatives, my father’s family in Israel, for me to become son-in-law to the king?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Col. 3:12)</strong></a> Accordingly, as God’s chosen ones, holy and loved, clothe yourselves with the tender affections of compassion, kindness, humility,* mildness, and patience.</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 13:4)</strong></a> Love is patient* and kind. Love is not jealous. It does not brag, does not get puffed up,</p><p></p><p>Or “long-suffering.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
