<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, December 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Tuesday, December 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class = "themeScrp"><em>They have a zeal for God, but not according to accurate knowledge.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 10:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">When we read directly from God’s Word in the ministry, we are letting Jehovah speak to the householder. A well-chosen scripture will likely be much more powerful than anything we might say. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Thess. 2:13</a>) Ask yourself, ‘Do I look for every opportunity to share a portion of God’s Word with those to whom I bring the good news?’ Of course, more is needed than merely reading Bible texts to those we are conversing with. Why? Because many have little or no understanding of the Bible. That was true in the first century, and it is true today. So we should not assume that a person will grasp the point of a verse simply because we read it. We need to take time to isolate portions of the verse​—perhaps rereading key words—​and explain their meaning. Doing so can go a long way in helping the message of God’s Word to reach the mind and heart of our listeners.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 24:32</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>25 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 10:2)</strong></a> For I bear them witness that they have a zeal for God, but not according to accurate knowledge.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 2:13)</strong></a> Indeed, that is why we also thank God unceasingly, because when you received God’s word, which you heard from us, you accepted it not as the word of men but, just as it truthfully is, as the word of God, which is also at work in you believers.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 24:32)</strong></a> And they said to each other: “Were not our hearts burning within us as he was speaking to us on the road, as he was fully opening up* the Scriptures to us?”</p><p></p><p>Or “clearly explaining.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
