<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, December 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26"><span id="page121" class="pageNum" data-no="121" data-before-text="121"></span>Monday, December 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class = "themeScrp"><em>Do not become upset and turn to doing evil.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 37:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">There will be times when we will be irritated by the words or actions of fellow believers​—or when they will be annoyed by ours. This can be a serious test. As with other tests, Jehovah allows us to prove our integrity by learning to work unitedly with dedicated men and women whom he loves despite their imperfections. That Jehovah does not prevent his servants from being tested is illustrated by the account of Joseph. As a young man, Joseph was sold into slavery by his jealous half brothers and taken to Egypt. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 37:28</a>) Jehovah saw what was happening and no doubt was grieved to observe the way his friend, righteous Joseph, was being treated. Still, He did not intervene. Later, when Joseph was accused of trying to rape Potiphar’s wife and was thrown into prison, Jehovah still did not step in. But did God ever abandon Joseph? On the contrary: “Jehovah made whatever [Joseph] did successful.”​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 39:21-23</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>9-10 ¶12-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:8)</strong></a> Let go of anger and abandon rage; Do not become upset and turn to doing evil.*</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “Do not become upset, for it can only lead to harm.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 37:28)</strong></a> And when the Midʹi·an·ite merchants were passing by, they lifted Joseph up out of the waterpit and sold him to the Ishʹma·el·ites for 20 pieces of silver. These men took Joseph into Egypt.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 39:21-23)</strong></a> But Jehovah continued with Joseph and kept showing loyal love to him and granting him favor in the eyes of the chief officer of the prison. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>So the chief officer of the prison put Joseph in charge of all the prisoners in the prison, and everything that they were doing there, he was the one having it done. <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>The chief officer of the prison was looking after absolutely nothing that was in Joseph’s care, for Jehovah was with Joseph and Jehovah made whatever he did successful.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
