<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, December 31
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p92" data-pid="92">Tuesday, December 31</h2>
</header>
<p id="p93" data-pid="93" class = "themeScrp"><em>Do not withhold good . . . if it is within your power to help.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 3:27</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p94" data-pid="94" class="p94">“The love of God” compels us to show love to one another, especially in dire situations. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 John 3:17, 18</a>) When famine threatened Judean Christians in the first century, the congregation organized help for them. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 11:28, 29</a>) The apostles Paul and Peter also exhorted Christians to be hospitable to one another. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rom. 12:13;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 1 Pet. 4:9</a>) If Christians are to welcome visiting brothers, how much more should they welcome fellow believers whose lives are in danger or who have been persecuted for their faith! Recently, thousands of Jehovah’s Witnesses had to flee conflict and persecution in eastern Ukraine. Tragically, some were killed. But most of them were taken in by their spiritual brothers elsewhere in Ukraine and in Russia. In both countries, they remain politically neutral, being “no part of the world,” and continue zealously “declaring the good news of the word.”​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">John 15:19;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> Acts 8:4</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>4 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p95" data-pid="95" class="p95"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 3:27)</strong></a> Do not withhold good from those to whom you should give it* If it is within your power* to help.</p><p></p><p>Or “to whom it is owing.”</p><p>Or “within the power of your hand.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 John 3:17, 18)</strong></a> But whoever has the material possessions of this world and sees his brother in need and yet refuses to show him compassion, in what way does the love of God remain in him? <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>Little children, we should love, not in word or with the tongue, but in deed and truth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 11:28, 29)</strong></a> One of them named Agʹa·bus stood up and foretold through the spirit that a great famine was about to come on the entire inhabited earth, which, in fact, did take place in the time of Claudius. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>So the disciples determined, each according to what he could afford, to send relief to the brothers living in Ju·deʹa;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:13)</strong></a> Share with the holy ones according to their needs. Follow the course of hospitality.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 4:9)</strong></a> Be hospitable to one another without grumbling.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(John 15:19)</strong></a> If you were part of the world, the world would be fond of what is its own. Now because you are no part of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, for this reason the world hates you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Acts 8:4)</strong></a> However, those who had been scattered went through the land declaring the good news of the word.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
