<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, December 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Monday, December 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class = "themeScrp">[<em>Jehovah</em>] <em>calls all of </em>[<em>the stars</em>] <em>by name.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 147:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">The God who knows where each star is at any given time also knows you as an individual​—exactly where you are, precisely how you feel, and specifically what you need at any given moment! Not only is Jehovah interested in you as a person but he also has the power and empathy needed to help you with life’s problems. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 147:5</a>) You may feel that your situation is too difficult and the load too heavy for you to carry. God understands your limitations, ‘remembering that you are dust.’ (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 103:14</a>) Being imperfect, we make the same mistakes again and again. Oh, how we regret that slip of the tongue, those fleshly tendencies that flare up every now and then, or those inclinations to envy what others have! Jehovah does not experience such shortcomings himself; yet, his understanding of us is immeasurable, unsearchable! (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Isa. 40:28</a>) You may already have experienced how Jehovah’s mighty hand helped you to recover from some trial.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Isa. 41:10,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 13</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>18-19 ¶6-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 147:4)</strong></a> He counts the number of the stars; He calls all of them by name.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 147:5)</strong></a> Our Lord is great and is mighty in power; His understanding is beyond measure.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 103:14)</strong></a> For he well knows how we are formed, Remembering that we are dust.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 40:28)</strong></a> Do you not know? Have you not heard? Jehovah, the Creator of the ends of the earth, is a God for all eternity. He never tires out or grows weary. His understanding is unsearchable.*</p><p></p><p>Or “cannot be fathomed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Isa. 41:10)</strong></a> Do not be afraid, for I am with you. Do not be anxious, for I am your God. I will fortify you, yes, I will help you, I will really hold on to you with my right hand of righteousness.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Isa. 41:13)</strong></a> For I, Jehovah your God, am grasping your right hand, The One saying to you, ‘Do not be afraid. I will help you.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
