<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, December 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Saturday, December 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class = "themeScrp"><em>Are they not all spirits for holy service, sent out to minister for those who are going to inherit salvation?​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 1:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">Jehovah of armies still uses his angels to protect and strengthen his people. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Mal. 3:6;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Heb. 1:7</a>) Ever since spiritual Israel was released from symbolic captivity to Babylon the Great in 1919, the expansion of true worship has been unstoppable despite relentless opposition. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rev. 18:4</a>) Because we have angelic protection, we need not fear that Jehovah’s organization might go through another time of spiritual oppression. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 34:7</a>) Instead, we can be sure that God’s servants worldwide will continue to flourish spiritually. We have a cavalry on our side. At that critical moment during the great tribulation, the angelic soldiers of Jehovah of armies will come together to protect God’s people and destroy those who oppose his sovereignty. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">2 Thess. 1:7, 8</a>) What a day that will be! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>28 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 1:14)</strong></a> Are they not all spirits for holy service,* sent out to minister for those who are going to inherit salvation?</p><p></p><p>Or “for public service.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Mal. 3:6)</strong></a> “For I am Jehovah; I do not change.* And you are sons of Jacob; you have not yet come to your finish.</p><p></p><p>Or “I have not changed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 1:7)</strong></a> Also, he says about the angels: “He makes his angels spirits, and his ministers* a flame of fire.”</p><p></p><p>Or “public servants.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rev. 18:4)</strong></a> And I heard another voice out of heaven say: “Get out of her, my people, if you do not want to share with her in her sins, and if you do not want to receive part of her plagues.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 34:7)</strong></a> The angel of Jehovah camps all around those fearing Him, And he rescues them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(2 Thess. 1:7, 8)</strong></a> But you who suffer tribulation will be given relief along with us at the revelation of the Lord Jesus from heaven with his powerful angels <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>in a flaming fire, as he brings vengeance on those who do not know God and those who do not obey the good news about our Lord Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
