<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, December 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89"><span id="page128" class="pageNum" data-no="128" data-before-text="128"></span>Monday, December 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class = "themeScrp"><em>Just a little while longer, and the wicked will be no more; you will look at where they were, and they will not be there.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 37:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">Who will remain in place of wicked people? Jehovah makes this heartwarming promise: “The meek will possess the earth, and they will find exquisite delight in the abundance of peace.” Later in the same psalm, we read: “The righteous will possess the earth, and they will live forever on it.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 37:11,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 29</a>) Who are “the meek” and “the righteous”? The meek are those who humbly accept Jehovah’s teaching and guidance; the righteous are those who love doing what is right in the eyes of Jehovah God. In today’s world, righteous people are greatly outnumbered by the wicked. But in the new world to come, the meek and the righteous will be neither a minority nor a majority; they will be the <em>only </em>people alive. Truly, a population of such people will make the earth a paradise! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>10-11 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:10)</strong></a> Just a little while longer, and the wicked will be no more; You will look at where they were, And they will not be there.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:11)</strong></a> But the meek will possess the earth, And they will find exquisite delight in the abundance of peace.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:29)</strong></a> The righteous will possess the earth, And they will live forever on it.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
