<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, December 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Sunday, December 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class = "themeScrp"><em>It is unthinkable, from Jehovah’s standpoint, for me to give you the inheritance of my forefathers.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Ki. 21:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">Imagine the scene. A man is falsely accused of a capital offense. To the shock and dismay of his family and friends, he is convicted on the basis of false testimony presented by witnesses who are known to be good-for-nothing men. A sick feeling overwhelms lovers of justice as they witness the execution of that innocent man and his sons. This is not an imaginary account. This was the experience of a faithful servant of Jehovah named Naboth, who lived during the reign of King Ahab of Israel. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Ki. 21:11-13;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 2 Ki. 9:26</a>) When King Ahab offered to purchase Naboth’s vineyard or to give him a better vineyard in its place, Naboth refused. Why? Naboth’s refusal was based on Jehovah’s law to the nation of Israel that forbade the permanent sale of one’s tribal inheritance. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Lev. 25:23;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Num. 36:7</a>) Clearly, Naboth had Jehovah’s view of matters. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>23 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation2"> 24 ¶4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 21:3)</strong></a> But Naʹboth said to Aʹhab: “It is unthinkable, from Jehovah’s standpoint, for me to give you the inheritance of my forefathers.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 21:11-13)</strong></a> So the men of his city, the elders and the nobles who lived in his city, did just as was written in the letters that Jezʹe·bel sent to them. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>They proclaimed a fast and had Naʹboth sit at the head of the people. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Then two of the good-for-nothing men came in and sat down in front of him and began to testify against Naʹboth in front of the people, saying: “Naʹboth has cursed God and the king!” After that they brought him to the outskirts of the city and stoned him to death.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Ki. 9:26)</strong></a> ‘“As surely as I saw the blood of Naʹboth and the blood of his sons yesterday,” declares Jehovah, “I will repay you in this very plot of land,” declares Jehovah.’ So now pick him up and throw him into the plot of land, according to the word of Jehovah.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Lev. 25:23)</strong></a> “‘The land should not be sold on a permanent basis, because the land is mine. For you are foreign residents and settlers from my standpoint.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Num. 36:7)</strong></a> No inheritance of the Israelites should circulate from tribe to tribe, for the Israelites should hold on to the inheritance of the tribe of their forefathers.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
