<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, December 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Thursday, December 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class = "themeScrp"><em>Come, you yourselves, privately into an isolated place and rest up a little.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Mark 6:31</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">Jesus recognized the need to rest on occasion. Following one particularly intense witnessing campaign, he told his disciples the words stated above. Indeed, recreation and entertainment fill an important need. However, the danger exists that having a good time could become the primary focus of our life. Back in the first century, many had the attitude “Let us eat and drink, for tomorrow we are to die.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 15:32</a>) That same spirit prevails in many parts of the world today. How can we determine if we have a balanced view of recreation? We could select a week and keep a record of the number of hours we spend on spiritual activities. Then we could compare that figure to the number of hours we spent that same week on recreational activities, such as participating in sports, enjoying hobbies, watching television, or playing video games. Might there be a need to cut back on the latter?​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eph. 5:15, 16</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>24-25 ¶11-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Mark 6:31)</strong></a> And he said to them: “Come, you yourselves, privately into an isolated place and rest up a little.” For there were many coming and going, and they had no leisure time even to eat a meal.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:32)</strong></a> If like other men,* I have fought with wild beasts at Ephʹe·sus, of what good is it to me? If the dead are not to be raised up, “let us eat and drink, for tomorrow we are to die.”</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “from a human viewpoint.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:15, 16)</strong></a> So keep strict watch that how you walk is not as unwise but as wise persons, <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>making the best use of your time,* because the days are wicked.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “buying out the appointed time.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
