<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, December 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Wednesday, December 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class = "themeScrp"><em>You have disregarded the weightier matters of the Law, namely, justice and mercy.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 23:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">The Pharisees focused solely on what a sinner had done rather than on who a sinner was at heart. When Pharisees saw Jesus attending a banquet at Matthew’s home, they asked his disciples: “Why does your teacher eat with tax collectors and sinners?” Jesus replied: “Healthy people do not need a physician, but those who are ill do. Go, then, and learn what this means: ‘I want mercy, and not sacrifice.’ For I came to call, not righteous people, but sinners.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 9:9-13</a>) Was Jesus excusing serious wrongdoing? Not at all. In fact, Jesus’ principal message included the call to repent from sin. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 4:17</a>) Nevertheless, Jesus insightfully noted that at least some of these “tax collectors and sinners” wanted to change. They were not at Matthew’s home simply to eat. Rather, “there were many of them who were following [Jesus].” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Mark 2:15</a>) Sadly, most Pharisees failed to see in such ones what Jesus saw. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>13 ¶2;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation2"> 16 ¶15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 23:23)</strong></a> “Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! because you give the tenth of the mint and the dill and the cumin, but you have disregarded the weightier* matters of the Law, namely, justice and mercy and faithfulness.* These things it was necessary to do, yet not to disregard the other things.</p><p></p><p>Or “more important.”</p><p>Or “faith.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 9:9-13)</strong></a> Next, while moving on from there, Jesus caught sight of a man named Matthew sitting at the tax office, and he said to him: “Be my follower.” At that he rose up and followed him. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Later as he was dining* in the house, look! many tax collectors and sinners came and began dining* with Jesus and his disciples. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>But on seeing this, the Pharisees said to his disciples: “Why does your teacher eat with tax collectors and sinners?” <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>Hearing them, he said: “Healthy people do not need a physician, but those who are ill do. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Go, then, and learn what this means: ‘I want mercy, and not sacrifice.’ For I came to call, not righteous people, but sinners.”</p><p></p><p>Or “reclining at the table.”</p><p>Or “reclining at the table.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 4:17)</strong></a> From that time on, Jesus began preaching and saying: “Repent, for the Kingdom of the heavens has drawn near.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Mark 2:15)</strong></a> Later he was dining in his house, and many tax collectors and sinners were dining with Jesus and his disciples, for there were many of them who were following him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
