<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, December 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019021"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Wednesday, December 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class = "themeScrp"><em>Jehovah said to Satan: “Look! Everything that he has is in your hand.”​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Job 1:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">Even if Job eventually better understood the reason for his trials, he may on occasion have thought about why it was necessary for him to suffer to <em>such </em>an extent. Whatever his thoughts, he could reflect on God’s counsel. Doing so would help him maintain the proper perspective and, in turn, provide comfort. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 94:19</a>, ftn.) We too can acquire proper perspective and gain comfort from the account of Job. After all, Jehovah had it preserved “for <em>our </em>instruction, so that through <em>our </em>endurance and through the comfort from the Scriptures <em>we </em>might have hope.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 15:4</a>) What is the lesson for us? Primarily this: Let us not become so absorbed in our own lives that we lose sight of this big issue​—the vindication of Jehovah’s sovereignty. And let us appreciate that our role in this vital issue entails remaining faithful even under difficult circumstances, as did Job. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>24 ¶9;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019021-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation2"> 25 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Job 1:12)</strong></a> Then Jehovah said to Satan: “Look! Everything that he has is in your hand.* Only do not lay your hand on the man himself!” So Satan went out from the presence* of Jehovah.</p><p></p><p>Or “under your control.”</p><p>Lit., “face.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 94:19)</strong></a> When anxieties* overwhelmed me,* You comforted and soothed me.*</p><p></p><p>Or “disquieting thoughts.”</p><p>Or “became many inside of me.”</p><p>Or “Your consolations soothed my soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 15:4)</strong></a> For all the things that were written beforehand were written for our instruction, so that through our endurance and through the comfort from the Scriptures we might have hope.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
