<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, February 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53"><span id="page23" class="pageNum" data-no="23" data-before-text="23"></span>Monday, February 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class = "themeScrp"><em>Be hospitable to one another without grumbling.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 4:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">Jehovah commands us to be generous toward our brothers and sisters. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 John 3:17</a>) Yet, we must do so with a pure motive, avoiding any trace of selfishness. We can ask ourselves: ‘Do I offer hospitality primarily to close friends, prominent ones, or those who might be able to return a favor somehow? Or do I instead look for ways to be generous toward brothers and sisters whom I do not know well or who have nothing with which to repay me?’ (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 14:12-14</a>) Or suppose a fellow Christian falls into need because of poor planning or fails to thank us for our hospitality. In such situations, we should apply the counsel given in today’s text. If you follow this advice, you will gain the reward of happiness that comes from giving with the right motive.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 20:35</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>9 ¶12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 4:9)</strong></a> Be hospitable to one another without grumbling.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 John 3:17)</strong></a> But whoever has the material possessions of this world and sees his brother in need and yet refuses to show him compassion, in what way does the love of God remain in him?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 14:12-14)</strong></a> Next he said also to the man who had invited him: “When you spread a dinner or an evening meal, do not call your friends or your brothers or your relatives or your rich neighbors. Otherwise, they might also invite you in return, and it would become a repayment to you. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>But when you spread a feast, invite the poor, the crippled, the lame, the blind; <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>and you will be happy, because they have nothing with which to repay you. For you will be repaid in the resurrection of the righteous ones.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 20:35)</strong></a> I have shown you in all things that by working hard in this way, you must assist those who are weak and must keep in mind the words of the Lord Jesus, when he himself said: ‘There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
