<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, February 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Thursday, February 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class = "themeScrp"><em>Form a longing for the unadulterated milk of the word, so that by means of it you may grow to salvation.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 2:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">Fleshly-minded people have difficulty cultivating a balanced view of material things. Why? Because their spiritual senses are dulled. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 2:14</a>) Once their powers of discernment have become clouded, it becomes more difficult for them to distinguish right from wrong. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Heb. 5:11-14</a>) As a result, some develop an uncontrolled desire for material things​—a desire that can never be fully satisfied. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Eccl. 5:10</a>) Thankfully, there is an antidote to being poisoned by materialistic thinking: a healthy dose of God’s Word, the Bible, taken on a regular basis. Just as meditating on divine truth fortified Jesus to reject temptation, so applying Bible principles helps us to fight against materialistic desires. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 4:8-10</a>) By doing so, we show Jesus that we love him more than any material thing. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>26 ¶17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p86" data-pid="86" class="p86"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:2)</strong></a> As newborn infants, form a longing for the unadulterated* milk of the word, so that by means of it you may grow to salvation,</p><p></p><p>Or “pure.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 2:14)</strong></a> But a physical man does not accept* the things of the spirit of God, for they are foolishness to him; and he cannot get to know them, because they are examined spiritually.</p><p></p><p>Or “receive.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 5:11-14)</strong></a> We have much to say about him, and it is difficult to explain, because you have become dull in your hearing. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>For although by now* you should be teachers, you again need someone to teach you from the beginning the elementary things of the sacred pronouncements of God, and you have gone back to needing milk, not solid food. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>For everyone who continues to feed on milk is unacquainted with the word of righteousness, for he is a young child. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>But solid food belongs to mature people, to those who through use have their powers of discernment* trained to distinguish both right and wrong.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “in view of the time.”</p><p>Or “their perceptive powers.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Eccl. 5:10)</strong></a> A lover of silver will never be satisfied with silver, nor a lover of wealth with income. This too is futility.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 4:8-10)</strong></a> Again the Devil took him along to an unusually high mountain and showed him all the kingdoms of the world and their glory. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>And he said to him: “All these things I will give you if you fall down and do an act of worship to me.” <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Then Jesus said to him: “Go away, Satan! For it is written: ‘It is Jehovah your God you must worship, and it is to him alone you must render sacred service.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
