<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, February 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Sunday, February 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class = "themeScrp"><em>Each one in his own proper order: Christ the firstfruits, afterward those who belong to the Christ during his presence.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 15:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">The first resurrection would take place sometime after “the presence” of Christ began. Anointed ones who are alive during the great tribulation will be “caught away in clouds.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Thess. 4:13-17;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Matt. 24:31</a>) They “will all be changed, in a moment, in the blink of an eye, during the last trumpet.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 15:51, 52</a>) Today, most faithful Christians are not anointed and called to serve in heaven with Christ. Rather, they await the end of this wicked system of things during “Jehovah’s day.” No one can know the exact timing of that end, but evidence shows that it is close. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Thess. 5:1-3</a>) Thereafter, a different type of resurrection will take place, a resurrection to life in an earthly paradise. Those raised will have the prospect of growing to human perfection and never having to die again. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.12 </em>11 ¶15;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation2"> 12 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:23)</strong></a> But each one in his own proper order: Christ the firstfruits, afterward those who belong to the Christ during his presence.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 4:13-17)</strong></a> Moreover, brothers, we do not want you to be ignorant* about those who are sleeping in death, so that you may not sorrow as the rest do who have no hope. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>For if we have faith that Jesus died and rose again, so too God will bring with him those who have fallen asleep in death through Jesus. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>For this is what we tell you by Jehovah’s* word, that we the living who survive to the presence of the Lord will in no way precede those who have fallen asleep in death; <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>because the Lord himself will descend from heaven with a commanding call, with an archangel’s voice and with God’s trumpet, and those who are dead in union with Christ will rise first. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Afterward we the living who are surviving will, together with them, be caught away in clouds to meet the Lord in the air; and thus we will always be with the Lord.</p><p></p><p>Or “uninformed.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:31)</strong></a> And he will send out his angels with a great trumpet sound, and they will gather his chosen ones together from the four winds, from one extremity of the heavens to their other extremity.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:51, 52)</strong></a> Look! I tell you a sacred secret: We will not all fall asleep in death, but we will all be changed, <strong><sup>52 </sup></strong>in a moment, in the blink* of an eye, during the last trumpet. For the trumpet will sound, and the dead will be raised up incorruptible, and we will be changed.</p><p></p><p>Or “twinkling.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:1-3)</strong></a> Now as for the times and the seasons, brothers, you need nothing to be written to you. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>For you yourselves know very well that Jehovah’s* day is coming exactly as a thief in the night. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Whenever it is that they are saying, “Peace and security!” then sudden destruction is to be instantly on them, just like birth pains on a pregnant woman, and they will by no means escape.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
