<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, February 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Friday, February 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class = "themeScrp"><em>Deaden . . . your body members that are on the earth as respects . . . uncleanness.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 3:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">The original Bible word translated “uncleanness” is a broad term that includes much more than sexual sins. It can refer to the harmful practice of smoking or the telling of obscene jokes. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 7:1;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Eph. 5:3, 4</a>) It also applies to unclean activities practiced by an individual in private, such as reading sexually stimulating books or viewing pornography, which may lead to the unclean habit of masturbation. Those who habitually view pornography nurture “uncontrolled sexual passion,” which may result in their becoming addicted to sex. Research indicates that individuals who admitted to having an irresistible urge to watch pornography show the same signs of addiction as do alcoholics and drug addicts. No wonder the practice of viewing pornography has harmful results​—such as deep feelings of shame, low productivity in the workplace, unhappy family life, divorce, and suicide. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>19 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 3:5)</strong></a> Deaden, therefore, your body members that are on the earth as respects sexual immorality,* uncleanness, uncontrolled sexual passion, hurtful desire, and greediness, which is idolatry.</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>por·neiʹa. </em>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 7:1)</strong></a> Therefore, since we have these promises, beloved ones, let us cleanse ourselves of every defilement of flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:3, 4)</strong></a> Let sexual immorality* and every sort of uncleanness or greediness not even be mentioned among you, just as is proper for holy people; <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>neither shameful conduct nor foolish talking nor obscene jesting—things that are not befitting—but rather the giving of thanks.</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>por·neiʹa. </em>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
