<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, February 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38">Wednesday, February 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class = "themeScrp"><em>Happy is the man who finds wisdom and the man who acquires discernment.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 3:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">Brothers who speak from the platform should make sure that the Scriptures form the backbone of their talk. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 7:16</a>) What does that involve? For one thing, be careful that nothing​—experiences, illustrations, or even your manner of delivery—​overshadows or draws attention away from the Bible verses you use. Also, remember that simply <em>reading </em>a number of scriptures does not in itself constitute <em>teaching </em>from the Bible. In fact, using too many scriptures could result in none of them standing out in the mind of your listeners. So select your key scriptures carefully, and take time to read, explain, illustrate, and apply them well. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Neh. 8:8</a>) Try to understand the connection between the statements in the outline and the cited scriptures. Above all, prayerfully ask for Jehovah’s help to convey the precious thoughts contained in his Word.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ezra 7:10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>26 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 3:13)</strong></a> Happy is the man who finds wisdom And the man who acquires discernment;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 7:16)</strong></a> Jesus, in turn, answered them and said: “What I teach is not mine, but belongs to him who sent me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Neh. 8:8)</strong></a> And they continued reading aloud from the book, from the Law of the true God, clearly explaining it and putting meaning into it; so they helped the people to understand what was being read.*</p><p></p><p>Or “they gave understanding in the reading.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ezra 7:10)</strong></a> Ezʹra had prepared his heart* to consult the Law of Jehovah and to practice it, and to teach its regulations and judgments in Israel.</p><p></p><p>Or “had determined in his heart.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
