<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, February 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Tuesday, February 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class = "themeScrp"><em>You must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 22:37</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">Having deep love for God helps us to obey Jehovah’s commandments, to endure, and to hate what is bad. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 97:10</a>) However, Satan and his world strive to undermine our love for God. The world around us has a distorted view of love. Rather than direct love to the Creator, people are “lovers of themselves.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Tim. 3:2</a>) This world ruled by Satan fosters “the desire of the flesh and the desire of the eyes and the showy display of one’s means of life.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 John 2:16</a>) The apostle Paul warned fellow Christians against pleasing the flesh, saying: “Setting the mind on the flesh means death . . . because setting the mind on the flesh means enmity with God.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Rom. 8:6, 7</a>) Indeed, those who have spent their lives on pursuing material things or gratifying sexual desires have ended up disappointed and deeply hurt.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">1 Cor. 6:18;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 1 Tim. 6:9, 10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>18 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 22:37)</strong></a> He said to him: “‘You must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 97:10)</strong></a> O you who love Jehovah, hate what is bad. He is guarding the lives* of his loyal ones; He rescues them from the hand* of the wicked.</p><p></p><p>Or “souls.”</p><p>Or “power.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:2)</strong></a> For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, disloyal,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 John 2:16)</strong></a> because everything in the world—the desire of the flesh and the desire of the eyes and the showy display of one’s means of life*—does not originate with the Father, but originates with the world.</p><p></p><p>Or “the bragging about one’s possessions.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:6, 7)</strong></a> For setting the mind on the flesh means death, but setting the mind on the spirit means life and peace; <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>because setting the mind on the flesh means enmity with God, for it is not in subjection to the law of God, nor, in fact, can it be.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 6:18)</strong></a> Flee from sexual immorality!* Every other sin that a man may commit is outside his body, but whoever practices sexual immorality is sinning against his own body.</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>por·neiʹa. </em>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 6:9, 10)</strong></a> But those who are determined to be rich fall into temptation and a snare and many senseless and harmful desires that plunge men into destruction and ruin. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>For the love of money is a root of all sorts of injurious things, and by reaching out for this love some have been led astray from the faith and have stabbed themselves all over with many pains.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
