<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, February 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Monday, February 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class = "themeScrp"><em>If only I may finish my course and the ministry.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 20:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">If we treasure our ministry, we will be like the apostle Paul, continuing to preach despite persecution. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 14:19-22</a>) During the 1930’s and early 1940’s, our brothers in the United States faced tremendous opposition. Yet, like Paul, they stood firm and continued preaching. To protect our right to do that, the brothers fought many legal battles. In 1943, Brother Nathan H. Knorr, when commenting on one victory in the U.S. Supreme Court, stated: “The victories won are due to your fight. . . . It is this victory of the Lord’s people standing firm that finally brings that decision.” Yes, our love for the ministry can defeat persecution. When we view the ministry as a priceless treasure from Jehovah, we will never be content with simply “counting time.” Rather, we will do everything in our power “to bear thorough witness to the good news.”​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Tim. 4:5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>11-12 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 20:24)</strong></a> Nevertheless, I do not consider my own life of any importance to me,* if only I may finish my course and the ministry that I received from the Lord Jesus, to bear thorough witness to the good news of the undeserved kindness of God.</p><p></p><p>Or “of any value to me whatsoever.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 14:19-22)</strong></a> But Jews arrived from Antioch and I·coʹni·um and persuaded the crowds, and they stoned Paul and dragged him outside the city, imagining that he was dead. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>However, when the disciples surrounded him, he got up and entered the city. On the next day he left with Barʹna·bas for Derʹbe. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>After declaring the good news to that city and making quite a few disciples, they returned to Lysʹtra, I·coʹni·um, and Antioch. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>There they strengthened the disciples, encouraging them to remain in the faith and saying: “We must enter into the Kingdom of God through many tribulations.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 4:5)</strong></a> You, though, keep your senses in all things, endure hardship, do the work of an evangelizer,* fully accomplish your ministry.</p><p></p><p>Or “keep preaching the good news.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
