<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, February 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62"><span id="page24" class="pageNum" data-no="24" data-before-text="24"></span>Thursday, February 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class = "themeScrp">[<em>Jehovah</em>] <em>promised to give </em>[<em>the land</em>] <em>to </em>[<em>Abraham</em>] <em>as a possession and after him to his offspring, though as yet he had no child.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 7:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">It was not until 430 years after Abraham had crossed the Euphrates that his descendants were organized into a nation that would take possession of the land. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ex. 12:40-42;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Gal. 3:17</a>) Abraham was willing to wait, because his patience was based on his faith in Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Heb. 11:8-12</a>) Abraham was happy to wait, even though he did not see the complete fulfillment of the promise in his day. But just imagine Abraham’s joy when he is resurrected back to a paradise earth. He will be surprised to see how much of the Bible was used to record his personal story and that of his descendants. Just imagine how thrilled he will be to understand for the first time his vital role in the outworking of Jehovah’s purpose with regard to the promised offspring! No doubt, he will feel that the long wait was worth it. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>5-6 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 7:5)</strong></a> And yet, he did not give him any inheritance in it, no, not even enough to put his foot on; but he promised to give it to him as a possession and after him to his offspring, though as yet he had no child.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ex. 12:40-42)</strong></a> The dwelling of the Israelites, who had dwelled in Egypt, was 430 years. <strong><sup>41 </sup></strong>At the end of the 430 years, on this very day, all the multitudes* of Jehovah went out of the land of Egypt. <strong><sup>42 </sup></strong>It is a night on which they will celebrate Jehovah’s bringing them out of the land of Egypt. This night is to be observed to Jehovah by all the people of Israel throughout their generations.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “armies.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gal. 3:17)</strong></a> Further, I say this: The Law, which came into being 430 years later, does not invalidate the covenant previously made by God, so as to abolish the promise.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 11:8-12)</strong></a> By faith Abraham, when he was called, obeyed by going out to a place he was to receive as an inheritance; he went out, although not knowing where he was going. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>By faith he lived as a foreigner in the land of the promise as in a foreign land, living in tents with Isaac and Jacob, the heirs with him of the very same promise. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>For he was awaiting the city having real foundations, whose designer* and builder is God. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>By faith also Sarah received power to conceive offspring,* even when she was past the age, since she considered Him faithful* who made the promise. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>For this reason, from one man who was as good as dead, there were born children, as many as the stars of heaven in number and as innumerable as the sands by the seaside.</p><p></p><p>Or “architect.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Or “trustworthy.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
