<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, February 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47">Saturday, February 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class = "themeScrp"><em>He will sit down on his throne and rule, and he will also be a priest on his throne.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Zech. 6:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">In addition to being commissioned King and High Priest, Jesus was assigned to “build the temple of Jehovah.” In modern times, Jesus’ building work involved liberating true worshippers from Babylon the Great and restoring the Christian congregation in 1919. He also appointed a “faithful and discreet slave” to take the lead in directing the work in the earthly courtyards of the great spiritual temple. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 24:45</a>) Jesus has also been busy refining God’s people and helping them to render worship that is clean. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Mal. 3:1-3</a>) During the Thousand Year Reign, Jesus and his 144,000 associate kings and priests will bring faithful humans to perfection. When this is accomplished, only true worshippers of God will be left on the cleansed earth. Finally, true worship will be fully restored! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>29 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Zech. 6:13)</strong></a> He is the one who will build the temple of Jehovah, and he is the one who will assume the majesty. He will sit down on his throne and rule, and he will also be a priest on his throne, and there will be a peaceable agreement between the two.*</p><p></p><p>That is, between his roles as ruler and priest.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:45)</strong></a> “Who really is the faithful and discreet slave whom his master appointed over his domestics, to give them their food at the proper time?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Mal. 3:1-3)</strong></a> “Look! I am sending my messenger, and he will clear up* a way before me. And suddenly the true Lord, whom you are seeking, will come to his temple; and the messenger of the covenant will come, in whom you take delight. Look! He will certainly come,” says Jehovah of armies. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>“But who will endure the day of his coming, and who will be able to stand when he appears? For he will be like the fire of a refiner and like the lye* of laundrymen. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>And he will sit as a refiner and cleanser of silver and will cleanse the sons of Leʹvi; and he will clarify* them like gold and like silver, and they will certainly become to Jehovah people presenting a gift offering in righteousness.</p><p></p><p>Or “prepare.”</p><p>Or “soap.”</p><p>Or “refine.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
