<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, February 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Sunday, February 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class = "themeScrp"><em>He must dwell in </em>[<em>his city of refuge</em>] <em>until the death of the high priest.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Num. 35:25</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">An unintentional manslayer had to take action to receive mercy. He had to <em>flee </em>to the nearest city of refuge. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Josh. 20:4</a>) We cannot imagine the fugitive being indifferent; his life depended on his reaching that city as soon as possible and remaining there! This meant sacrifice on his part. He had to leave behind his previous employment, the comforts of home, and the freedom to travel​—until the death of the high priest. But such inconveniences were worth the effort. To benefit from God’s mercy, repentant wrongdoers today must likewise take action. We must completely abandon the sinful course, fleeing not only from serious sin but also from the lesser sins that often lead to gross wrongdoing. Earnest actions to abandon a sinful course show Jehovah that we are not complacent, that we have not presumed on his mercy.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Cor. 7:10, 11</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>10-11 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Num. 35:25)</strong></a> The assembly should then save the manslayer from the hand of the avenger of blood and return him to his city of refuge to which he had fled, and he must dwell in it until the death of the high priest who was anointed with the holy oil.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Josh. 20:4)</strong></a> He must flee to one of these cities and stand at the entrance of the city gate and present his case in the hearing of the elders of that city. Then they must receive him into the city and give him a place and he will live with them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 7:10, 11)</strong></a> For sadness in a godly way produces repentance leading to salvation, leaving no regret; but the sadness of the world produces death. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>For see what a great earnestness your being saddened in a godly way produced in you, yes, clearing of yourselves, yes, indignation, yes, fear, yes, earnest desire, yes, zeal, yes, righting of the wrong! In every respect you demonstrated yourselves to be pure* in this matter.</p><p></p><p>Or “chaste; innocent.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
