<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, February 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71"><span id="page25" class="pageNum" data-no="25" data-before-text="25"></span>Sunday, February 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class = "themeScrp"><em>You are worthy, Jehovah our God, to receive the glory and the honor and the power, because you created all things.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rev. 4:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">God’s sovereignty is right. It is the best rulership. And it deserves our wholehearted support. Why? Because Jehovah created all things. Therefore, he has full right to rule over humans as well as spirit creatures. Satan has created nothing. Consequently, he has no rightful claim to universal rulership. In rebelling against Jehovah’s sovereignty, he and the first human couple acted arrogantly. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jer. 10:23</a>) True, as creatures with free will, they could choose independence from God. But did that give them the <em>right </em>to do so? No. Free will enables people to make many appropriate choices daily. However, it does not entitle them to rebel against their Creator and Life-Giver. Clearly, taking a stand against Jehovah is a <em>misuse </em>of free will. As humans, our place is under Jehovah’s righteous rule. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>27-28 ¶2-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rev. 4:11)</strong></a> “You are worthy, Jehovah* our God, to receive the glory and the honor and the power, because you created all things, and because of your will they came into existence and were created.”</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jer. 10:23)</strong></a> I well know, O Jehovah, that man’s way does not belong to him. It does not belong to man who is walking even to direct his step.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
