<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, February 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44"><span id="page22" class="pageNum" data-no="22" data-before-text="22"></span>Friday, February 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class = "themeScrp"><em>Become kind to one another, tenderly compassionate.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 4:32</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">Mental-health experts say that practicing compassion can improve your health, well-being, and relationships. When you relieve the suffering of others, you will feel happier, more optimistic, less lonely, and less inclined to think negative thoughts. Yes, your showing compassion will benefit you. Christians who lovingly seek to help others are rewarded with a good conscience, knowing that they are acting in harmony with godly principles. Having such a disposition makes for a more caring parent, a better spouse, and a better friend. Those who are quick to show compassion are, in turn, more likely to receive help and support when they need it. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 5:7;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Luke 6:38</a>) Knowing that compassion is good for you should not be your main reason for wanting to cultivate it. The principal reason should be your desire to imitate and glorify the Source of love and compassion, Jehovah God.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Prov. 14:31</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>12 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:32)</strong></a> But become kind to one another, tenderly compassionate, freely forgiving one another just as God also by Christ freely forgave you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:7)</strong></a> “Happy are the merciful, since they will be shown mercy.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 6:38)</strong></a> Practice giving, and people will give to you. They will pour into your laps a fine measure, pressed down, shaken together, and overflowing. For with the measure that you are measuring out, they will measure out to you in return.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 14:31)</strong></a> The one who defrauds the lowly one insults his Maker, But whoever shows compassion to the poor glorifies Him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
