<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, February 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23">Friday, February 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class = "themeScrp"><em>For all things I have the strength through the one who gives me power.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 4:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">You may have qualified for baptism at a young age. Yet, you cannot always predict what challenges you will face in the future. To help you stay faithful in any circumstance, never forget that your promise to Jehovah is unconditional. That means that you have told the Sovereign of the universe that you will continue to serve him even if your friends or parents stop doing so. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 27:10</a>) In all situations, you can summon the strength​—with Jehovah’s help—​to live up to your dedication. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Phil. 4:11, 12</a>) Jehovah wants you to be his friend. But maintaining that friendship and working out your own salvation will require effort. In fact, <span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Philippians 2:12</a> says: “Keep working out your own salvation with fear and trembling.” So consider how you will maintain your friendship with Jehovah and remain faithful to him despite any challenges. You cannot become overconfident. Even some of God’s longtime servants have gone astray. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.12 </em>24 ¶4,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation2"> 6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:13)</strong></a> For all things I have the strength through the one who gives me power.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 27:10)</strong></a> Even if my own father and mother abandon me, Jehovah himself will take me in.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:11, 12)</strong></a> Not that I am saying this because I am in need, for I have learned to be self-sufficient* regardless of my circumstances. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>I know how to be low on provisions and how to have an abundance. In everything and in all circumstances I have learned the secret of both how to be full and how to hunger, both how to have an abundance and how to do without.</p><p></p><p>Or “content.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:12)</strong></a> Consequently, my beloved ones, just as you have always obeyed, not only during my presence but now much more readily during my absence, keep working out your own salvation with fear and trembling.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
