<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, February 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Tuesday, February 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class = "themeScrp"><em>How could I commit this great badness and actually sin against God?​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 39:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Potiphar’s wife set her eyes on Joseph, who was “well-built and handsome,” and she tried to seduce him. Joseph, however, did not succumb to her repeated advances. And when the situation became critical, he fled from her. What does Joseph’s example teach us? One thing is that we may need to flee from the temptation to break one of God’s laws. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 1:10</a>) In the past, some who are now Witnesses struggled with overeating, heavy drinking, smoking, drug abuse, sexual immorality, and the like. Even after baptism, they may at times be tempted to return to their former practices. Still, if you are ever tempted to break one of Jehovah’s laws, strengthen yourself by taking time to ponder the disastrous spiritual consequences that you could face for failing to restrain sinful impulses. You can try to foresee situations in which temptations could likely present themselves and decide how you can avoid them. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 26:4, 5;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Prov. 22:3</a>) Should you ever face such a test, ask Jehovah to give you the wisdom and self-control to resist. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>4-5 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 39:9)</strong></a> There is no one greater in this house than I am, and he has not withheld from me anything at all except you, because you are his wife. So how could I commit this great badness and actually sin against God?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 1:10)</strong></a> My son, if sinners try to entice you, do not consent.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 26:4, 5)</strong></a> I do not associate* with deceitful men, And I avoid those who hide what they are.*  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>I hate the company of evil men, And I refuse to associate* with the wicked.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “sit.”</p><p>Or “I do not mingle with hypocrites.”</p><p>Lit., “sit.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 22:3)</strong></a> The shrewd one sees the danger and conceals himself, But the inexperienced keep right on going and suffer the consequences.*</p><p></p><p>Or “penalty.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
