<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, February 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26"><span id="page20" class="pageNum" data-no="20" data-before-text="20"></span>Saturday, February 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class = "themeScrp"><em>I have voluntarily offered all these things.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Chron. 29:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">Jehovah dignifies us with the opportunity to support the grand work taking place today. He guarantees that we will receive blessings when we give in support of the Kingdom. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Mal. 3:10</a>) Jehovah promises that the one who gives generously will prosper. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 11:24, 25</a>) Giving also makes us happy, for “there is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 20:35</a>) By word and example, we have the privilege of training our children and new ones to appreciate how they can have a share and how they, as a result, can enjoy many blessings. Everything we have is from Jehovah. Giving back to him shows that we love him and appreciate all that he has done in our behalf. When donating for the construction of the temple, “the people rejoiced over making these voluntary offerings.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Chron. 29:9</a>) May we likewise continue to find joy and satisfaction in giving back to Jehovah what has come to us from his own hand. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>21 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Chron. 29:17)</strong></a> I well know, O my God, that you examine the heart and that you take pleasure in integrity.* In the uprightness* of my heart, I have voluntarily offered all these things, and I am overjoyed to see your people who are present here make voluntary offerings to you.</p><p></p><p>Or “rectitude; uprightness.”</p><p>Or “sincerity.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Mal. 3:10)</strong></a> Bring the entire tithe* into the storehouse, so that there may be food in my house; and test me out, please, in this regard,” Jehovah of armies says, “to see whether I will not open to you the floodgates of the heavens and pour out* on you a blessing until there is nothing lacking.”</p><p></p><p>Or “all the tenth parts.”</p><p>Lit., “empty out.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 11:24, 25)</strong></a> One gives generously* and ends up with more; Another withholds what should be given, but he comes to poverty. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>The generous person* will prosper,* And whoever refreshes* others will himself be refreshed.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “scatters.”</p><p>Or “soul.”</p><p>Lit., “will be made fat.”</p><p>Lit., “freely waters.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 20:35)</strong></a> I have shown you in all things that by working hard in this way, you must assist those who are weak and must keep in mind the words of the Lord Jesus, when he himself said: ‘There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Chron. 29:9)</strong></a> The people rejoiced over making these voluntary offerings, for they made the voluntary offerings to Jehovah with a complete heart, and David the king also rejoiced greatly.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
