<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, February 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8"><span id="page18" class="pageNum" data-no="18" data-before-text="18"></span>Sunday, February 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class = "themeScrp"><em>Why are you delaying? Rise, get baptized.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 22:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">Christian parents have an interest in helping their children make wise decisions. Postponing baptism or delaying it needlessly could invite spiritual problems. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jas. 4:17</a>) Wisely, however, parents want to be sure that <em>before </em>their children get baptized, they are ready to shoulder the responsibility of Christian discipleship. Some circuit overseers have expressed concern because they meet young ones in their late teens and early 20’s who have grown up in Christian households but who have yet to get baptized. In most cases, these young ones attend congregation meetings and share in the ministry. They view themselves as Jehovah’s Witnesses. Yet, for some reason they hold back from dedicating their lives to Jehovah and getting baptized. What could be the reason for this? In some cases, parents have encouraged them to delay baptism. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>8 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 22:16)</strong></a> And now why are you delaying? Rise, get baptized, and wash your sins away by your calling on his name.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jas. 4:17)</strong></a> Therefore, if someone knows how to do what is right and yet does not do it, it is a sin for him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
