<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, February 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35"><span id="page21" class="pageNum" data-no="21" data-before-text="21"></span>Tuesday, February 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class = "themeScrp"><em>He will not judge by what appears to his eyes, nor reprove simply according to what his ears hear. He will judge the lowly with fairness, and with uprightness he will give reproof.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 11:3, 4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">Jehovah preserved the Law covenant for us in his Word, the Bible. He wants us, not to obsess over the details of the Law, but to discern and apply its “weightier matters,” the lofty principles that underpin its commandments. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 23:23</a>) The Mosaic Law reflected a “framework of the knowledge and of the truth” about Jehovah and his righteous principles. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 2:20</a>) The cities of refuge, for example, teach elders how to “judge with true justice,” and they teach all of us how to “deal with one another in loyal love and mercy.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Zech. 7:9</a>) We are no longer under the Law. Yet, Jehovah does not change, and the qualities of justice and mercy are still important to him. What a privilege to worship a God in whose image we are made, whose qualities we can imitate, and in whom we can take refuge! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>13-14 ¶2-3;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation2"> 17 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 11:3, 4)</strong></a> And he will find delight in the fear of Jehovah. He will not judge by what appears to his eyes, Nor reprove simply according to what his ears hear.  <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>He will judge the lowly with fairness,* And with uprightness he will give reproof in behalf of the meek ones of the earth. He will strike the earth with the rod of his mouth And put the wicked to death with the breath* of his lips.</p><p></p><p>Or “righteousness.”</p><p>Or “spirit.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 23:23)</strong></a> “Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! because you give the tenth of the mint and the dill and the cumin, but you have disregarded the weightier* matters of the Law, namely, justice and mercy and faithfulness.* These things it was necessary to do, yet not to disregard the other things.</p><p></p><p>Or “more important.”</p><p>Or “faith.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 2:20)</strong></a> a corrector of the unreasonable ones, a teacher of young children, and having the framework of the knowledge and of the truth in the Law—</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Zech. 7:9)</strong></a> “This is what Jehovah of armies says, ‘Judge with true justice, and deal with one another in loyal love and mercy.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
