<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, February 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Saturday, February 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class = "themeScrp"><em>He makes the bars of your city gates strong; he blesses your sons within you. He brings peace to your territory.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 147:13, 14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">In thinking about the restoration of Jerusalem, the psalmist sang the above about Jehovah. How reassuring it was for the psalmist to know that God would strengthen the city’s gates to provide protection for his worshippers! You may face difficulties that cause you to become anxious. Jehovah can give you the wisdom to cope. The psalmist said of his God that “he sends his command to the earth; his word runs swiftly.” Then, referring to Jehovah as ‘sending the snow, scattering the frost, and hurling down the hailstones,’ the psalmist asks: “Who can withstand his cold?” He adds that Jehovah “sends out his word, and they melt.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 147:15-18</a>) Our all-wise, all-powerful God, the one who controls the hail and the snow, can help you to surmount any obstacles that you encounter. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>20 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 147:13, 14)</strong></a> He makes the bars of your city gates strong; He blesses your sons within you. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>He brings peace to your territory; He satisfies you with the finest* wheat.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the fat of.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 147:15-18)</strong></a> He sends his command to the earth; His word runs swiftly. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>He sends the snow like wool; He scatters the frost just like ashes. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>He hurls down his hailstones* like morsels of bread. Who can withstand his cold? <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>He sends out his word, and they melt. He makes his wind blow, and the waters flow.</p><p></p><p>Or “ice.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
