<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, February 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Tuesday, February 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class = "themeScrp"><em>Faith follows the thing heard.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 10:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">Since early in human history, men and women of faith have learned about God in three primary ways: by observing the visible creation, from other God-fearing humans, and by experiencing the blessings of living in harmony with God’s righteous standards and principles. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 48:18</a>) By observing the physical creation, Noah would have seen abundant evidence not only of God’s existence but also of his many invisible qualities, such as “his eternal power and Godship.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 1:20</a>) As a result, Noah did more than believe in God; he developed strong faith in him. Noah no doubt learned much from his relatives. These included his father, Lamech, who was a man of faith and whose life overlapped Adam’s. They also included his grandfather Methuselah and his great-great-grandfather Jared, whose life overlapped Noah’s by 366 years. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Luke 3:36, 37</a>) In any event, what Noah learned touched his heart, moving him to serve God.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Gen. 6:9</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>9 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 10:17)</strong></a> So faith follows the thing heard. In turn, what is heard is through the word about Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 48:18)</strong></a> If only you would pay attention to my commandments! Then your peace would become just like a river And your righteousness like the waves of the sea.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:20)</strong></a> For his invisible qualities are clearly seen from the world’s creation onward, because they are perceived by the things made, even his eternal power and Godship, so that they are inexcusable.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 3:36, 37)</strong></a> son of Ca·iʹnan, son of Ar·pachʹshad, son of Shem, son of Noah, son of Laʹmech, <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>son of Me·thuʹse·lah, son of Eʹnoch, son of Jaʹred, son of Ma·haʹla·le·el, son of Ca·iʹnan,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:9)</strong></a> This is the history of Noah. Noah was a righteous man. He proved himself faultless* among his contemporaries.* Noah walked with the true God.</p><p></p><p>Or “blameless.”</p><p>Lit., “his generations.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
