<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, February 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80"><span id="page26" class="pageNum" data-no="26" data-before-text="26"></span>Wednesday, February 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class = "themeScrp"><em>If anyone does not want to work, neither let him eat.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Thess. 3:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">When refugee brothers show gratitude, never demanding anything, they help their hosts to experience the joy of giving. Granted, living indefinitely on others’ generosity may erode the self-respect of the refugees and may damage their relationships with other brothers. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Thess. 3:7-9</a>) But they do need practical help. This requires, not a lot of money, but mainly our time and concern. It may be as simple as showing them how to use public transportation, how to shop for healthful but inexpensive foods, or how to obtain tools or equipment​—such as a sewing machine or a lawn mower—​in order to earn some income. More important, you can help them to become fully involved in their new congregation. If possible, offer them rides to meetings. Also explain how they might approach people with the Kingdom message in your territory. Take the refugee brothers and sisters along with you in the ministry. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>5 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Thess. 3:10)</strong></a> In fact, when we were with you, we used to give you this order: “If anyone does not want to work, neither let him eat.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Thess. 3:7-9)</strong></a> For you yourselves know how you should imitate us, because we did not behave in a disorderly way among you, <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>nor did we eat anyone’s food free.* On the contrary, by labor and toil we were working night and day so as not to impose an expensive burden on any one of you. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Not that we do not have authority, but we wanted to offer ourselves as an example for you to imitate.</p><p></p><p>Or “without paying.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
