<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, February 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Monday, February 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class = "themeScrp"><em>Wherever there are jealousy and contentiousness, there will also be disorder and every vile thing.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jas. 3:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">If we cultivate love and kindness in our heart, we will not easily become jealous. God’s Word says: “Love is patient and kind. Love is not jealous.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 13:4</a>) To prevent jealousy from taking root in our heart, we must strive to see things from God’s standpoint, viewing our brothers and sisters as members of the same Christian body. This will help us to show fellow feeling, in harmony with the inspired counsel: “If a member is glorified, all the other members rejoice with it.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 12:16-18,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 26</a>) Thus, rather than feel jealous, we will be happy when others receive blessings. Consider the example of King Saul’s son Jonathan. He was not jealous when David was appointed heir to the throne. Rather, he encouraged David. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Sam. 23:16-18</a>) Could we be as kind and loving as Jonathan? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>27 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jas. 3:16)</strong></a> For wherever there are jealousy and contentiousness,* there will also be disorder and every vile thing.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “selfish ambition.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 13:4)</strong></a> Love is patient* and kind. Love is not jealous. It does not brag, does not get puffed up,</p><p></p><p>Or “long-suffering.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 12:16-18)</strong></a> And if the ear should say, “Because I am not an eye, I am no part of the body,” that does not make it no part of the body. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>If the whole body were an eye, where would the sense of hearing be? If it were all hearing, where would the sense of smell be? <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>But now God has arranged each of the body members just as he pleased.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 12:26)</strong></a> If one member suffers, all the other members suffer with it; or if a member is glorified, all the other members rejoice with it.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 23:16-18)</strong></a> Jonʹa·than the son of Saul now went out to David at Hoʹresh, and he helped him find strength* in Jehovah. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>He said to him: “Do not be afraid, for my father Saul will not find you; you will be king over Israel, and I will become second to you; and my father Saul also knows that.” <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>Then the two of them made a covenant before Jehovah, and David stayed in Hoʹresh, and Jonʹa·than went to his home.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “he strengthened his hand.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
