<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, February 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17"><span id="page19" class="pageNum" data-no="19" data-before-text="19"></span>Wednesday, February 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class = "themeScrp"><em>Do not let the sun set while you are still angry.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 4:26</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">When a fellow believer or a family member says or does something that hurts us deeply, we may be devastated. Suppose we cannot simply forget the incident. Will we allow resentment to fester for years? Or will we follow the Bible’s wise advice to settle matters quickly? The longer we put off dealing with the situation, the harder it will be for us to make peace with our brother. What positive steps can you take to make peace? First, approach Jehovah in earnest prayer. Ask him to help you to have an upbuilding conversation with your brother. Remember, he is one of Jehovah’s friends. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 25:14</a>) Jehovah treats his friends with kindness, and he expects no less from us. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 15:23;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Matt. 7:12;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Col. 4:6</a>) Next, review in your mind what you are going to say. Do not assume that your brother set out deliberately to hurt you. And be open to the possibility that in some way you may have contributed to the rift. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>10 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:26)</strong></a> Be wrathful, but do not sin; do not let the sun set while you are still angry;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 25:14)</strong></a> Close friendship with Jehovah belongs to those who fear him, And he makes his covenant known to them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 15:23)</strong></a> A man rejoices in giving the right answer,* And a word spoken at the right time—how good it is!</p><p></p><p>Lit., “in the answer of his mouth.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 7:12)</strong></a> “All things, therefore, that you want men to do to you, you also must do to them. This, in fact, is what the Law and the Prophets mean.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Col. 4:6)</strong></a> Let your words always be gracious, seasoned with salt, so that you will know how you should answer each person.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
