<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, February 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Saturday, February 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class = "themeScrp"><em>Be hospitable to one another.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 4:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">Have you ever wanted to be hospitable but felt inadequate? Some are shy and fear that conversation would lag or that guests might not feel entertained. Others have limited income and believe that they could never offer what other members of the congregation could. Of prime importance about a home is, not that it is fancy, but that it is orderly, clean, and inviting. Let love motivate your hospitality, and you need not worry. Remember that showing personal interest in guests is always helpful. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Phil. 2:4</a>) Nearly everyone enjoys sharing his experiences in life. Social occasions may be the only times others ask to hear about our experiences. One elder writes: “Having friends from the congregation to my home helps me to understand them better and gives me time to get to know them, especially how they came into the truth.” Loving interest can make any occasion a delight. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>17 ¶15-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 4:9)</strong></a> Be hospitable to one another without grumbling.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:4)</strong></a> as you look out not only for your own interests, but also for the interests of others.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
