<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, February 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Thursday, February 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class = "themeScrp"><em>Just as I have loved you, you also love one another.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 13:34</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">In contrast with the people who show the widespread lack of love today, those who worship Jehovah have genuine love for their fellow man. This has always been true. Jesus said that love of neighbor was the second most important commandment in the Mosaic Law, second only to love of God. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 22:38, 39</a>) Jesus also said that love for one another would be the quality that would identify true Christians. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 13:35</a>) Such Christian love would even be extended to one’s enemies. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 5:43, 44</a>) Jesus showed great love for others. He went from city to city, telling people the good news about the Kingdom of God. He cured the blind, the lame, the lepers, and the deaf. He raised the dead. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Luke 7:22</a>) Jesus even gave his own life in behalf of mankind. Jesus’ love perfectly reflected the love his Father shows. Throughout the earth, Jehovah’s Witnesses express godly love toward others. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>29-30 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 13:34)</strong></a> I am giving you a new commandment, that you love one another; just as I have loved you, you also love one another.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 22:38, 39)</strong></a> This is the greatest and first commandment. <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>The second, like it, is this: ‘You must love your neighbor as yourself.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 13:35)</strong></a> By this all will know that you are my disciples—if you have love among yourselves.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:43, 44)</strong></a> “You heard that it was said: ‘You must love your neighbor and hate your enemy.’ <strong><sup>44 </sup></strong>However, I say to you: Continue to love your enemies and to pray for those who persecute you,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Luke 7:22)</strong></a> In reply he said to them: “Go and report to John what you have seen and heard: The blind are now seeing, the lame are walking, the lepers are being cleansed, the deaf are hearing, the dead are being raised up, and the poor are being told the good news.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
