<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, February 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019011"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page17" class="pageNum" data-no="17" data-before-text="17"></span><strong>February</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Friday, February 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class = "themeScrp"><em>Noah did according to all that God had commanded him. He did just so.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 6:22</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">Noah had never built an ark before. So he had to rely on Jehovah, doing “just so”​—that is, just as Jehovah directed. The result? Noah got it right the first time. Indeed, he had to! Noah also succeeded as a family man​—and for basically the same reason; he trusted in God’s wisdom. He thus taught his children well and set a fine example for them, which was a big challenge during that wicked pre-Flood era. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 6:5</a>) As parents, how can you do “just so” in God’s eyes? Listen to Jehovah. Let him instruct you in child-rearing by means of his Word and the guidance we receive through his organization. However, despite the parents’ best efforts, some children leave Jehovah. Nonetheless, parents who have tried their best to impress the truth on a child’s heart have a good conscience. They can also hope that the wayward child will one day come “home” to Jehovah. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019011-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>30 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:22)</strong></a> And Noah did according to all that God had commanded him. He did just so.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:5)</strong></a> Consequently, Jehovah saw that man’s wickedness was great on the earth and that every inclination of the thoughts of his heart was only bad all the time.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
