<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, March 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Saturday, March 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class = "themeScrp"><em>They will not cause any harm or any ruin in all my holy mountain.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 11:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">Notice that this tranquil state of affairs will prevail “because the earth will certainly be filled with the knowledge of Jehovah.” Since animals cannot learn about Jehovah, the spiritual fulfillment of this prophecy applies to people. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 11:6, 7</a>) There are many who were once as fierce as wolves but who now live in peace with others. You can read some of their experiences in the series “The Bible Changes Lives,” found on jw.org. Formerly fierce people have “put on the new personality that was created according to God’s will in true righteousness and loyalty.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eph. 4:23, 24</a>) As people learn about God, they see the need to conform to his standards. They are then moved to make changes in their beliefs, attitudes, and conduct. Such changes are not easy but can be made because God’s spirit will help those who sincerely desire to do God’s will. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>31 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 11:9)</strong></a> They will not cause any harm Or any ruin in all my holy mountain, Because the earth will certainly be filled with the knowledge of Jehovah As the waters cover the sea.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 11:6, 7)</strong></a> The wolf will reside for a while with the lamb, And with the young goat the leopard will lie down, And the calf and the lion* and the fattened animal will all be together;* And a little boy will lead them.  <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>The cow and the bear will feed together, And their young will lie down together. The lion will eat straw like the bull.</p><p></p><p>Or “the maned young lion.”</p><p>Or possibly, “And the calf and the lion will feed together.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:23, 24)</strong></a> And you should continue to be made new in your dominant mental attitude,* <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>and should put on the new personality that was created according to God’s will in true righteousness and loyalty.</p><p></p><p>Or “in the force actuating your mind.” Lit., “to the spirit of your mind.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
