<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, March 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Wednesday, March 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class = "themeScrp"><em>Those who seek Jehovah can understand everything.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 28:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">Accurate knowledge gave Noah faith and godly wisdom, which protected him from harm, especially spiritual harm. For instance, because Noah “walked with the true God,” he did not walk, or associate, with the ungodly. He was not fooled by the materialized demons, who surely impressed faithless, gullible humans with their superhuman abilities​—perhaps even to the point of becoming objects of idolatry. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 6:1-4,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 9</a>) Also, Noah knew that <em>humans </em>were told to reproduce and fill the earth. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gen. 1:27, 28</a>) Hence, he must have known that sexual unions between women and materialized spirits were both unnatural and wrong. That conclusion was no doubt confirmed when those unions produced abnormal offspring. In time, God warned Noah that He was going to bring a flood upon the earth. Noah’s faith in that warning moved him to build the ark, thus saving his household.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Heb. 11:7</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>9 ¶8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 28:5)</strong></a> Evil men cannot understand justice, But those who seek Jehovah can understand everything.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:1-4)</strong></a> Now when men started to grow in number on the surface of the ground and daughters were born to them, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>the sons of the true God* began to notice that the daughters of men were beautiful. So they began taking as wives all whom they chose. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Then Jehovah said: “My spirit will not tolerate man indefinitely, because he is only flesh.* Accordingly, his days will amount to 120 years.” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>The Nephʹi·lim* were on the earth in those days and afterward. During that time the sons of the true God continued to have relations with the daughters of men, and these bore sons to them. They were the mighty ones of old times, the men of fame.</p><p></p><p>A Hebrew idiom that refers to angelic sons of God.</p><p>Or possibly, “because he acts according to the flesh.”</p><p>Possibly meaning “The Fellers,” that is, those who cause others to fall down. See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:9)</strong></a> This is the history of Noah. Noah was a righteous man. He proved himself faultless* among his contemporaries.* Noah walked with the true God.</p><p></p><p>Or “blameless.”</p><p>Lit., “his generations.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gen. 1:27, 28)</strong></a> And God went on to create the man in his image, in God’s image he created him; male and female he created them. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>Further, God blessed them, and God said to them: “Be fruitful and become many, fill the earth and subdue it, and have in subjection the fish of the sea and the flying creatures of the heavens and every living creature that is moving on the earth.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Heb. 11:7)</strong></a> By faith Noah, after receiving divine warning of things not yet seen, showed godly fear and constructed an ark for the saving of his household; and through this faith he condemned the world, and he became an heir of the righteousness that results from faith.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
