<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, March 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14"><span id="page28" class="pageNum" data-no="28" data-before-text="28"></span>Tuesday, March 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class = "themeScrp"><em>Happy is the people whose God is Jehovah!​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 144:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">We live in a time of human history that is truly unique. As the Bible foretold, Jehovah is gathering “a great crowd . . . out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues.” Those gathered constitute “a mighty nation” of more than eight million happy people who “are rendering [God] sacred service day and night.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rev. 7:9,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 15;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Isa. 60:22</a>) Never before have there been so many who have come to love both God and their fellow man. Yet, the inspired Scriptures also foretold that in our day, a misdirected kind of love characterized by selfishness would be shown by people who are alienated from God. The apostle Paul wrote: “In the last days . . . , men will be <em>lovers of themselves, lovers of money, . . . lovers of pleasures </em>rather than lovers of God.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Tim. 3:1-4</a>) This self-centered kind of love is inconsistent with Christian love; it stands in contrast with it. Indeed, such love fosters a selfish world that is “hard to deal with.” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>22 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 144:15)</strong></a> Happy is the people for whom it is this way! Happy is the people whose God is Jehovah!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:9)</strong></a> After this I saw, and look! a great crowd, which no man was able to number, out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues,* standing before the throne and before the Lamb, dressed in white robes; and there were palm branches in their hands.</p><p></p><p>Or “languages.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:15)</strong></a> That is why they are before the throne of God, and they are rendering him sacred service day and night in his temple; and the One seated on the throne will spread his tent over them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 60:22)</strong></a> The little one will become a thousand And the small one a mighty nation. I myself, Jehovah, will speed it up in its own time.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:1-4)</strong></a> But know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, disloyal, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>having no natural affection, not open to any agreement, slanderers, without self-control, fierce, without love of goodness, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>betrayers, headstrong, puffed up with pride, lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
