<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, March 31
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p92" data-pid="92">Sunday, March 31</h2>
</header>
<p id="p93" data-pid="93" class = "themeScrp"><em>I will wait patiently.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Mic. 7:7</a></em><em>, ftn.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p94" data-pid="94" class="p94">Joseph was the victim of some outrageous injustices. First, his brothers sold him into slavery when he was about 17 years old. Then, he was falsely accused of trying to rape his master’s wife and ended up in irons in prison. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 39:11-20;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Ps. 105:17, 18</a>) For his righteous actions, he seemed to be punished rather than blessed. But after 13 years, everything changed very quickly. He was released from prison and promoted to the second-highest position in Egypt. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gen. 41:14,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 37-43;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Acts 7:9, 10</a>) Did the injustices make Joseph bitter? Did he lose confidence in his God, Jehovah? No. What helped Joseph to wait patiently? It was his faith in Jehovah. He saw Jehovah’s hand in matters. Notice how this is reflected in what he told his brothers: “Although you meant to harm me, God intended it to turn out well and to preserve many people alive, as he is doing today.” (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Gen. 50:19, 20</a>) Ultimately, Joseph realized that the wait was worth it. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>4 ¶6;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation2"> 6 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p95" data-pid="95" class="p95"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Mic. 7:7)</strong></a> But as for me, I will keep on the lookout for Jehovah. I will show a waiting attitude* for the God of my salvation. My God will hear me.</p><p></p><p>Or “I will wait patiently.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 39:11-20)</strong></a> But on one of the days when he went into the house to do his work, none of the household servants were in the house. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>Then she grabbed hold of him by his garment and said: “Lie down with me!” But he left his garment in her hand and fled outside. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>As soon as she saw that he had left his garment in her hand and had fled outside, <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>she began to cry out to the men of her house and to say to them: “Look! He brought to us this Hebrew man to make us a laughingstock. He came to me to lie down with me, but I began to cry out at the top of my voice. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Then as soon as he heard me raising my voice and screaming, he left his garment beside me and fled outside.” <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>After that she laid his garment beside her until his master came to his house. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Then she told him the same thing, saying: “The Hebrew servant whom you brought to us came to me to make me a laughingstock. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>But as soon as I raised my voice and began to scream, he left his garment beside me and fled outside.” <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>As soon as his master heard the words his wife spoke to him, saying: “These are the things your servant did to me,” his anger blazed. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>So Joseph’s master took him and gave him over to the prison, the place where the prisoners of the king were kept under arrest, and he remained there in the prison.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 105:17, 18)</strong></a> He sent ahead of them a man Who was sold to be a slave, Joseph. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>With fetters they bound* his feet, His neck was put in irons;*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “afflicted.”</p><p>Or “His soul came into iron.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gen. 41:14)</strong></a> So Pharʹaoh sent for Joseph, and they brought him quickly from the prison.* He shaved and changed his clothes and went in to Pharʹaoh.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the cistern; the pit.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Gen. 41:37-43)</strong></a> This proposal seemed good to Pharʹaoh and all his servants. <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>So Pharʹaoh said to his servants: “Can another man be found like this one in whom there is the spirit of God?” <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>Pharʹaoh then said to Joseph: “Since God has caused you to know all of this, there is no one as discreet and wise as you. <strong><sup>40 </sup></strong>You will personally be over my house, and all my people will obey you implicitly. Only in my role as king* will I be greater than you.” <strong><sup>41 </sup></strong>And Pharʹaoh added to Joseph: “See, I am putting you over all the land of Egypt.” <strong><sup>42 </sup></strong>Then Pharʹaoh removed his signet ring from his own hand and put it on Joseph’s hand and clothed him with garments of fine linen and placed a necklace of gold around his neck. <strong><sup>43 </sup></strong>Moreover, he had him ride in the second chariot of honor that he had, and they would call out ahead of him, <em>“A·vrékh!”</em>* Thus he put him over all the land of Egypt.</p><p></p><p>Or “Only with regard to the throne.”</p><p>Apparently a term calling for honor and dignity to be shown.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Acts 7:9, 10)</strong></a> And the family heads became jealous of Joseph and sold him into Egypt. But God was with him, <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>and he rescued him out of all his tribulations and gave him favor and wisdom before Pharʹaoh king of Egypt. And he appointed him to govern Egypt and his whole house.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Gen. 50:19, 20)</strong></a> Joseph said to them: “Do not be afraid. Am I in the place of God? <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>Although you meant to harm me, God intended it to turn out well and to preserve many people alive, as he is doing today.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
