<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, March 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Thursday, March 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class = "themeScrp"><em>If you do not forgive men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 6:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">As shown at <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Galatians 2:11-14</a>, Peter gave in to the snare of fear of man. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 29:25</a>) Despite his firsthand knowledge of Jehovah’s thinking on the matter, Peter feared the opinion of the circumcised Jewish members of the congregation in Jerusalem. The apostle Paul confronted Peter in Antioch and exposed his hypocrisy. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 15:12;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Gal. 2:13</a>, ftn.) Evidently, Peter humbly accepted Paul’s corrective counsel. There is no indication in the Scriptures that he lost his privileges. In fact, Peter was later inspired to write two letters that became part of the Bible. Jesus, who is head of the congregation, continued to use him. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Eph. 1:22</a>) Members of the congregation thus had an opportunity to imitate Jesus and his Father by extending forgiveness. It is to be hoped that no one allowed himself to be stumbled by an imperfect man’s mistake. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>27 ¶16-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:15)</strong></a> whereas if you do not forgive men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gal. 2:11-14)</strong></a> However, when Ceʹphas* came to Antioch, I resisted* him face-to-face, because he was clearly in the wrong.* <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>For before certain men from James arrived, he used to eat with people of the nations; but when they arrived, he stopped doing this and separated himself, fearing those of the circumcised class. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>The rest of the Jews also joined him in putting on this pretense,* so that even Barʹna·bas was led along with them in their pretense.* <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>But when I saw that they were not walking in step with the truth of the good news, I said to Ceʹphas* before them all: “If you, though you are a Jew, live as the nations do and not as Jews do, how can you compel people of the nations to live according to Jewish practice?”</p><p></p><p>Also called Peter.</p><p>Or “confronted.”</p><p>Or “he stood condemned.”</p><p>Or “hypocrisy.”</p><p>Or “hypocrisy.”</p><p>Also called Peter.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 29:25)</strong></a> Trembling at* men is* a snare, But the one trusting in Jehovah will be protected.</p><p></p><p>Or “Fear of.”</p><p>Or “lays.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 15:12)</strong></a> At that the entire group became silent, and they began to listen to Barʹna·bas and Paul relate the many signs and wonders that God had done through them among the nations.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Gal. 2:13)</strong></a> The rest of the Jews also joined him in putting on this pretense,* so that even Barʹna·bas was led along with them in their pretense.*</p><p></p><p>Or “hypocrisy.”</p><p>Or “hypocrisy.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Eph. 1:22)</strong></a> He also subjected all things under his feet and made him head over all things with regard to the congregation,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
