<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, March 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86"><span id="page36" class="pageNum" data-no="36" data-before-text="36"></span>Friday, March 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class = "themeScrp"><em>By reducing the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah to ashes, </em>[<em>God</em>] <em>condemned them, setting a pattern for ungodly people of things to come.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Pet. 2:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">When Jehovah brought destruction on that entire region, he was doing more than just putting an end to the wrongdoing there. He was “setting a pattern for ungodly people of things to come.” Just as Jehovah put an end to all the immoral activities back then, so he will put an end to similar wrongdoing today when he brings judgment against this present system of things. What will replace wrong activities? The Paradise earth will be bustling with happy activity. Think of the thrilling work of turning this planet into a paradise or of building homes for ourselves and our loved ones. Consider the prospect of welcoming back millions from the dead and helping to educate them about Jehovah’s ways as well as the history of his dealings with mankind. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 65:21, 22;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Acts 24:15</a>) Our lives will be full of activity that will contribute to our joy and to Jehovah’s praise! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>12 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 2:6)</strong></a> And by reducing the cities of Sodʹom and Go·morʹrah to ashes, he condemned them, setting a pattern for ungodly people of things to come.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 65:21, 22)</strong></a> They will build houses and live in them, And they will plant vineyards and eat their fruitage. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>They will not build for someone else to inhabit, Nor will they plant for others to eat. For the days of my people will be like the days of a tree, And the work of their hands my chosen ones will enjoy to the full.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 24:15)</strong></a> And I have hope toward God, which hope these men also look forward to, that there is going to be a resurrection of both the righteous and the unrighteous.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
