<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, March 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50"><span id="page32" class="pageNum" data-no="32" data-before-text="32"></span>Sunday, March 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class = "themeScrp"><em>Be courageous . . . and go to work.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Chron. 28:20</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">Solomon was instructed to oversee one of the most important construction projects of all time​—that of the temple in Jerusalem. The building was to be “exceedingly magnificent, so that its fame and beauty [would] be known in all lands.” More important, the temple would be “the house of Jehovah the true God.” Jehovah directed that Solomon be the overseer of this project. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Chron. 22:1,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 5,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 9-11</a>) King David was confident of God’s support, but Solomon was “young and inexperienced.” Would he have the courage to take on the task of building the temple? Would his youth and inexperience be an obstacle? To succeed, Solomon would need to be courageous and go to work. If Solomon did not prove to be courageous, fear could paralyze him, and inactivity would be worse than failure. Like Solomon, we need help from Jehovah to be courageous and complete the work. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>28 ¶1-2;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation2"> 29 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Chron. 28:20)</strong></a> Then David said to his son Solʹo·mon: “Be courageous and strong and go to work. Do not be afraid or be terrified, for Jehovah God, my God, is with you. He will not desert you or abandon you, but he will be with you until all the work for the service of Jehovah’s house is finished.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Chron. 22:1)</strong></a> David then said: “This is the house of Jehovah the true God, and this is an altar for burnt offering for Israel.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Chron. 22:5)</strong></a> And David said: “My son Solʹo·mon is young and inexperienced,* and the house to be built for Jehovah is to be exceedingly magnificent, so that its fame and beauty will be known in all lands. Therefore, I will make preparation for him.” So David prepared materials in great quantity before his death.</p><p></p><p>Or “delicate.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Chron. 22:9-11)</strong></a> Look! You will have a son who will be a man of peace,* and I will give him rest from all his enemies who surround him, for Solʹo·mon* will be his name and I will grant Israel peace and quiet in his days. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>He is the one who will build a house for my name. He will become my son, and I will be his father. I will firmly establish the throne of his kingship over Israel forever.’ <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>“Now, my son, may Jehovah be with you, and may you be successful and build the house of Jehovah your God, just as he has spoken concerning you.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “rest.”</p><p>From a Hebrew word meaning “Peace.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
