<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, March 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Monday, March 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class = "themeScrp"><em>The word of our God endures forever.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 40:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">Can you imagine what your life would be like without the Bible? You would have no reliable advice for day-to-day living. You would not have satisfying answers to questions about God, life, and the future. And you would not know of Jehovah’s past dealings with the human family. Thankfully, we do not face such a bleak situation. Jehovah has provided us with his Word, the Bible. And he has guaranteed that its message will endure forever. The apostle Peter quoted <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isaiah 40:8</a>. That verse does not specifically refer to the Bible as we know it; yet, the inspired words apply by extension to the Bible’s message. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Pet. 1:24, 25</a>) Although it has not always been easy, over the centuries sincere individuals have persevered in translating and distributing the Scriptures. Their desire was in harmony with God’s will that “all sorts of people should be saved and come to an accurate knowledge of truth.”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Tim. 2:3, 4</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>18 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 40:8)</strong></a> The green grass dries up, The blossom withers, But the word of our God endures forever.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 40:8)</strong></a> The green grass dries up, The blossom withers, But the word of our God endures forever.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 1:24, 25)</strong></a> For “all flesh is* like grass, and all its glory is like a blossom of the field; the grass withers, and the flower falls off, <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>but the saying* of Jehovah* endures forever.” And this “saying”* is the good news that was declared to you.</p><p></p><p>Or “all humans are.”</p><p>Or “word.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Or “word.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 2:3, 4)</strong></a> This is fine and acceptable in the sight of our Savior, God, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>whose will is that all sorts of people should be saved and come to an accurate knowledge of truth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
