<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, March 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89">Saturday, March 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class = "themeScrp"><em>Whoever comes out of the door of my house . . . will become Jehovah’s.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Judg. 11:31</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">When making this vow, Jephthah might well have known that his daughter could be the one who would come out of his house to meet him. Even so, it was an emotionally difficult situation for father and daughter​—a real sacrifice for both of them. When he saw her, Jephthah “ripped his garments” and said that his heart was broken. His daughter ‘wept over her virginity.’ Why? Jephthah had no son, and his only daughter would never be able to marry and bear him grandchildren. There would be no way to pass on the family name and legacy. That was not the most important consideration, though. Jephthah said: “I have opened my mouth to Jehovah, and I am unable to turn back.” And his daughter replied: “Do to me as you have promised.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Judg. 11:35-39</a>) These were loyal individuals who would never have thought of breaking a vow that was made to the Most High God​—no matter what it cost them personally.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Deut. 23:21,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 23;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Ps. 15:4</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>4 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Judg. 11:31)</strong></a> then whoever comes out of the door of my house to meet me when I return in peace from the Amʹmon·ites will become Jehovah’s, and I will offer that one up as a burnt offering.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Judg. 11:35-39)</strong></a> When he saw her, he ripped his garments and said: “Oh no, my daughter! You have broken my heart,* for you have become the one I have banished. Now I have opened my mouth to Jehovah, and I am unable to turn back.” <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>But she said to him: “My father, if you have opened your mouth to Jehovah, do to me as you have promised, since Jehovah has executed vengeance for you upon your enemies, the Amʹmon·ites.” <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>She then said to her father: “Let this be done for me: Let me be alone for two months, and let me go away into the mountains, and let me weep over my virginity with my female companions.”* <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>At this he said: “Go!” So he sent her away for two months, and she went to the mountains with her companions to weep over her virginity. <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>At the end of two months, she returned to her father, after which he carried out the vow he had made regarding her. She never had relations with a man. And it became a custom* in Israel:</p><p></p><p>Lit., “You brought me very low.”</p><p>Or “weep with my friends because I will never marry.”</p><p>Or “regulation.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Deut. 23:21)</strong></a> “If you make a vow to Jehovah your God, do not be slow about paying it. For Jehovah your God will surely require it of you; otherwise, it will be a sin on your part.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Deut. 23:23)</strong></a> The word of your lips you should keep, and you must carry out what your own mouth vowed as a voluntary offering to Jehovah your God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 15:4)</strong></a> He rejects anyone who is contemptible, But he honors those fearing Jehovah. He does not go back on his promise,* even when it is bad for him.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “oath.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
