<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, March 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Friday, March 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class = "themeScrp"><em>Earnestly </em>[<em>endeavor</em>] <em>to maintain the oneness of the spirit in the uniting bond of peace.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 4:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">We do everything in our power to maintain peace with our brothers, even when we feel that we have been misunderstood or treated unfairly. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 12:17, 18</a>) An apology can help to repair hurt feelings, but it must be sincere. Peace is especially vital in a marriage. A husband and a wife should not pretend to love each other in public but then use the silent treatment, cruel words, or physical violence to hurt each other in private. We must also be ready to forgive freely. We forgive by pardoning someone who has offended us and by letting go of our resentment toward him. For our forgiveness to be genuine, we must control our thinking so that we do “not keep account of the injury.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 13:4, 5</a>) If we were to harbor resentment or hold a grudge, we would risk permanently damaging our relationship not only with our brother or sister but also with Jehovah.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 6:14, 15</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>10 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:3)</strong></a> earnestly endeavoring to maintain the oneness of the spirit in the uniting bond of peace.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:17, 18)</strong></a> Return evil for evil to no one. Take into consideration what is fine from the viewpoint of* all men. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>If possible, as far as it depends on you, be peaceable with all men.</p><p></p><p>Or “in the sight of.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 13:4, 5)</strong></a> Love is patient* and kind. Love is not jealous. It does not brag, does not get puffed up, <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>does not behave indecently,* does not look for its own interests, does not become provoked. It does not keep account of the injury.*</p><p></p><p>Or “long-suffering.”</p><p>Or “is not rude.”</p><p>Or “of wrongs.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:14, 15)</strong></a> “For if you forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you; <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>whereas if you do not forgive men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
