<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, March 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47">Saturday, March 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class = "themeScrp"><em>You will have to know that Jehovah of armies has sent me to you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Zech. 6:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">How did Zechariah’s message affect the Jews in his day? Jehovah had guaranteed stability and protection for their work. His assurance that the temple would be built must have brought hope to their tired hearts. But how would just a few accomplish so much work? Zechariah’s next words remove any remaining fear or doubt. In addition to the support of faithful ones like Heldai, Tobijah, and Jedaiah, God tells of many others who would “come and take part in building the temple of Jehovah.” Confident of divine backing, the Jews quickly swing into action, resuming their building work despite the ban by the Persian king. Soon Jehovah removes the mountainlike obstacle of the official ban, and the temple is completed in 515 B.C.E. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ezra 6:22;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Zech. 4:6, 7</a>) The words of Jehovah, however, describe things far greater for our day. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>29 ¶17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Zech. 6:15)</strong></a> And those who are far away will come and take part in building the temple of Jehovah.” And you will have to know that Jehovah of armies has sent me to you. And it will occur—if you do not fail to listen to the voice of Jehovah your God.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ezra 6:22)</strong></a> They also joyfully held the Festival of Unleavened Bread for seven days, for Jehovah caused them to rejoice and he had made the heart of the king of As·syrʹi·a favorable toward them, so that he supported them* in the work of the house of the true God, the God of Israel.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “strengthened their hands.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Zech. 4:6, 7)</strong></a> He then said to me: “This is the word of Jehovah to Ze·rubʹba·bel: ‘“Not by a military force, nor by power, but by my spirit,” says Jehovah of armies. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Who are you, O great mountain? Before Ze·rubʹba·bel you will become a level land.* And he will bring out the top stone* amid shouts of: “How wonderful! How wonderful!”’”</p><p></p><p>Or “a plain.”</p><p>Or “the capstone.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
