<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, March 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71">Sunday, March 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class = "themeScrp"><em>O Sovereign Lord Jehovah, . . . your words are truth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Sam. 7:28</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">Jehovah is the God of truth. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 31:5</a>) As a generous Father, he shares divine truths with those who fear him. From the time that we first heard the truth, we have had the opportunity to collect truths from his Word, the Bible, from our Christian publications, and from our conventions, assemblies, and weekly meetings. Over time, we develop what Jesus described as a “treasure store” of old and new truths. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 13:52</a>) Jehovah will help us to collect precious new truths into our “treasure store” if we search for them as for hidden treasures. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Prov. 2:4-7</a>) How do we do that? We must develop good personal study habits and do careful research in God’s Word and in our publications. This will help us to discover truths that may be “new” in the sense that we did not know them before. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Josh. 1:8, 9;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Ps. 1:2, 3</a>) Yes, we must be eager to enrich our own treasure store of divine truths. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>12 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 7:28)</strong></a> And now, O Sovereign Lord Jehovah, you are the true God, and your words are truth, and you have promised these good things to your servant.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 31:5)</strong></a> Into your hand I entrust my spirit. You have redeemed me, O Jehovah, the God of truth.*</p><p></p><p>Or “the faithful God.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 13:52)</strong></a> Then he said to them: “That being the case, every public instructor who is taught about the Kingdom of the heavens is like a man, the master of the house, who brings out of his treasure store things both new and old.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 2:4-7)</strong></a> If you keep seeking for it as for silver, And you keep searching for it as for hidden treasures;  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>Then you will understand the fear of Jehovah, And you will find the knowledge of God.  <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>For Jehovah himself gives wisdom; From his mouth come knowledge and discernment.  <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>He treasures up practical wisdom for the upright; He is a shield for those walking in integrity.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Josh. 1:8, 9)</strong></a> This book of the Law should not depart from your mouth, and you must read it in an undertone* day and night, in order to observe carefully all that is written in it; for then your way will be successful and then you will act wisely. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Have I not commanded you? Be courageous and strong. Do not be struck with terror or fear, for Jehovah your God is with you wherever you go.”</p><p></p><p>Or “meditate on it.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ps. 1:2, 3)</strong></a> But his delight is in the law of Jehovah, And he reads His law in an undertone* day and night.  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>He will be like a tree planted by streams of water, A tree that produces fruit in its season, The foliage of which does not wither. And everything he does will succeed.</p><p></p><p>Or “he meditates on His law.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
