<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, March 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Sunday, March 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class = "themeScrp"><em>Each one </em>[<em>will be made alive</em>] <em>in his own proper order.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 15:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">Speaking of the heavenly resurrection, the Bible says that those who will experience that will be raised “each one in his own proper order.” We can trust that the earthly resurrection will likewise proceed in an orderly manner. That is an intriguing prospect. Will those who died recently be raised near the start of Christ’s Thousand Year Reign and be welcomed by loved ones who know them? Will faithful men of old with leadership abilities come back early to help organize God’s people in the new world? What about people who never served Jehovah? When and where will they be raised? Many questions could be asked. But, frankly, is there any real need to ponder those issues now? Is it not better just to wait and see how Jehovah handles those matters? In the meantime, we should bolster our faith in Jehovah, who through Jesus assured us that the dead in God’s memory will rise.​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 5:28, 29;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 11:23</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.12 </em>12 ¶20-21</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:23)</strong></a> But each one in his own proper order: Christ the firstfruits, afterward those who belong to the Christ during his presence.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 5:28, 29)</strong></a> Do not be amazed at this, for the hour is coming in which all those in the memorial tombs will hear his voice <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>and come out, those who did good things to a resurrection of life, and those who practiced vile things to a resurrection of judgment.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 11:23)</strong></a> Jesus said to her: “Your brother will rise.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
