<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, March 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41"><span id="page31" class="pageNum" data-no="31" data-before-text="31"></span>Thursday, March 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class = "themeScrp"><em>This is the curse that is going out . . . , because everyone who steals . . . has gone unpunished.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Zech. 5:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">Did you notice at <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Zechariah 5:4</a> that “the curse . . . [would] enter into the house of the thief . . . and it [would] remain inside that house and consume it”? Jehovah’s adverse judgment cannot be kept out by bars and locks. It can penetrate any hiding place to uncover wrongdoing among Jehovah’s people. Even if a person is able to conceal thievery from authorities, employers, elders, or parents, he cannot hide it from God, who guarantees that every theft will be exposed. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Heb. 4:13</a>) How refreshing it is to associate with people who are ever conscious of being honest “in all things”! (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Heb. 13:18</a>) All forms of stealing are offensive to Jehovah. We view it as an honor to live up to Jehovah’s high moral standard, maintaining conduct that in no way brings reproach on his name. Thus, we may succeed in escaping Jehovah’s judgment against those who deliberately violate his law. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>22 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Zech. 5:3)</strong></a> Then he said to me: “This is the curse that is going out over the face of all the earth, because everyone who steals, as written on its one side, has gone unpunished; and everyone who makes a sworn oath, as written on its other side, has gone unpunished.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Zech. 5:4)</strong></a> ‘I have sent it out,’ declares Jehovah of armies, ‘and it will enter into the house of the thief and into the house of the one who makes a false oath in my name; and it will remain inside that house and consume it and its timbers and its stones.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 4:13)</strong></a> And there is not a creation that is hidden from his sight, but all things are naked and openly exposed to the eyes of the one to whom we must give an account.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:18)</strong></a> Keep praying for us, for we trust we have an honest* conscience, as we wish to conduct ourselves honestly in all things.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “good.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
