<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, March 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68"><span id="page34" class="pageNum" data-no="34" data-before-text="34"></span>Saturday, March 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class = "themeScrp"><em>I consider every instruction from you to be right; I hate every false path.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 119:128</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">Jehovah is the rightful Sovereign of the universe. He exercises his authority with perfect justice. He declares: “I am Jehovah, the One showing loyal love, justice, and righteousness in the earth, for in these things I take delight.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jer. 9:24</a>) He does not look to any written code of laws made by imperfect men as a basis for determining what is just and fair. His perfect sense of justice emanates from his own being, and on that basis, he provided written laws for humans. “Righteousness and justice are the foundation of [his] throne,” so we can be confident that all of his laws, principles, and decisions are righteous. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 89:14</a>) In contrast, despite his allegation that Jehovah’s sovereignty is deficient, Satan has been unable to produce a world wherein justice always prevails. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>28 ¶5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:128)</strong></a> Therefore, I consider every instruction* from you to be right; I hate every false path.</p><p></p><p>Or “order.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jer. 9:24)</strong></a> “But let the one boasting boast about this: That he has insight and knowledge of me, That I am Jehovah, the One showing loyal love, justice, and righteousness in the earth, For in these things I take delight,” declares Jehovah.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 89:14)</strong></a> Righteousness and justice are the foundation of your throne; Loyal love and faithfulness stand before you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
