<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, March 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Monday, March 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class = "themeScrp"><em>Continue to be made new in your dominant mental attitude.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 4:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">When we became servants of God, we made a transformation. This change affected every area of our life. And it was not over when we got baptized. Since we are not perfect, we all need to continue making changes. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Phil. 3:12, 13</a>) Whether we are young or old, we can ask ourselves these questions: ‘Do I notice changes in myself that indicate that I am moving toward becoming a spiritually-minded person? Is my personality becoming Christlike? What do my disposition and conduct at Christian meetings reveal about the depth of my spirituality? What do my conversations show about my desires? What do my study habits, dress and grooming, or reaction to counsel reveal about me? How do I react when faced with temptations? Have I progressed beyond basics to maturity, becoming full-grown as a Christian?’ (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eph. 4:13</a>) Thinking about our answers to these questions can help us measure our spiritual progress. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>24 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:23)</strong></a> And you should continue to be made new in your dominant mental attitude,*</p><p></p><p>Or “in the force actuating your mind.” Lit., “to the spirit of your mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Phil. 3:12, 13)</strong></a> Not that I have already received it or am already made perfect, but I am pressing on to see if I may also lay hold on that for which Christ Jesus selected me.* <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Brothers, I do not yet consider myself as having taken hold of it; but one thing is certain: Forgetting the things behind and stretching forward to the things ahead,</p><p></p><p>Lit., “laid hold on me.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:13)</strong></a> until we all attain to the oneness* of the faith and of the accurate knowledge of the Son of God, to being a full-grown* man, attaining the measure of stature that belongs to the fullness of the Christ.</p><p></p><p>Or “unity.”</p><p>Or “mature.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
