<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, March 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77"><span id="page35" class="pageNum" data-no="35" data-before-text="35"></span>Tuesday, March 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class = "themeScrp"><em>Jehovah is protecting the foreign residents.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 146:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">More than material assistance, our refugee brothers need spiritual and emotional support. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 4:4</a>) Elders can help by obtaining literature in their language and by helping them contact brothers who speak their language. Many refugees have been torn away from their tight-knit extended families, communities, and congregations. They need to sense Jehovah’s love and compassion among their fellow Christians. Otherwise, they may be drawn to unbelieving relatives or compatriots who can relate to their culture and experiences. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 15:33</a>) By making them feel fully accepted in the congregation, we have the privilege to share with Jehovah in “protecting the foreign residents.” Refugees may not have the option of returning to their homeland as long as their oppressors remain in power. Also, many have been traumatized by what they have experienced. Ask yourself, ‘If I were in their position, how would I like to be treated?’​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 7:12</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>6 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 146:9)</strong></a> Jehovah is protecting the foreign residents; He sustains the fatherless child and the widow, But he thwarts the plans of the wicked.*</p><p></p><p>Or “makes the way of the wicked crooked.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 4:4)</strong></a> But he answered: “It is written: ‘Man must live, not on bread alone, but on every word that comes from Jehovah’s mouth.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:33)</strong></a> Do not be misled. Bad associations spoil useful habits.*</p><p></p><p>Or “corrupt good morals.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 7:12)</strong></a> “All things, therefore, that you want men to do to you, you also must do to them. This, in fact, is what the Law and the Prophets mean.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
