<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, March 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Tuesday, March 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class = "themeScrp"><em>You are his wife. So how could I commit this great badness and actually sin against God?​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 39:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Many young Christians face a trial like Joseph’s. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 39:7</a>) Consider Kim. Most of her classmates were sexually active, and after a typical weekend, they boasted of their latest sexual encounters. Kim had no such stories to tell. She admits that being different at times made her feel “abandoned and alone” and that her peers considered her stupid because she did not date. Yet, Kim was wise enough to know that among many youths the temptation to engage in sex is great. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Tim. 2:22</a>) Schoolmates often asked whether she was still a virgin. That gave her the opportunity to explain why she would not engage in sex. We are proud of young Christians who are determined to resist pressure to share in sexual immorality, and Jehovah is proud of them too! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>4 ¶8;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation2"> 5 ¶10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 39:9)</strong></a> There is no one greater in this house than I am, and he has not withheld from me anything at all except you, because you are his wife. So how could I commit this great badness and actually sin against God?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 39:7)</strong></a> Now after these things, the wife of his master began to cast her eyes on Joseph and say: “Lie down with me.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 2:22)</strong></a> So flee from youthful desires, but pursue righteousness, faith, love, peace, along with those who call on the Lord out of a clean heart.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
