<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, March 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59"><span id="page33" class="pageNum" data-no="33" data-before-text="33"></span>Wednesday, March 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class = "themeScrp"><em>Do not become upset and turn to doing evil.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 37:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">People who are quick-tempered often express their anger with abusive speech. Obviously, this old personality trait cannot contribute to a happy family life. For good reason, the Bible warns against anger, abusive speech, and screaming. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 4:31</a>) Sadly, such conduct often escalates into violence. The world may view angry behavior as normal, but it dishonors our Creator. Many had to strip off these harmful ways before being able to clothe themselves with the new personality. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Col. 3:8-10</a>) The practice of lying is also a trait of the old personality. For example, it is common for people to lie on tax returns or to lie to avoid taking responsibility for their sins. By contrast, Jehovah is “the God of truth.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 31:5</a>) Therefore, he requires that “each one” of his worshippers “speak truth with his neighbor” and “not lie.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Eph. 4:25;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Col. 3:9</a>) Thus, we must tell the truth even if it may be embarrassing or inconvenient.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Prov. 6:16-19</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>18 ¶3,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation2"> 5;</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation3"> 20 ¶12-13,</a><span id="pcitationsource4"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation4"> 15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:8)</strong></a> Let go of anger and abandon rage; Do not become upset and turn to doing evil.*</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “Do not become upset, for it can only lead to harm.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:31)</strong></a> Put away from yourselves every kind of malicious bitterness, anger, wrath, screaming, and abusive speech, as well as everything injurious.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Col. 3:8-10)</strong></a> But now you must put them all away from you: wrath, anger, badness, abusive speech, and obscene talk out of your mouth. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Do not lie to one another. Strip off the old personality* with its practices, <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>and clothe yourselves with the new personality, which through accurate knowledge is being made new according to the image of the One who created it,</p><p></p><p>Lit., “man.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 31:5)</strong></a> Into your hand I entrust my spirit. You have redeemed me, O Jehovah, the God of truth.*</p><p></p><p>Or “the faithful God.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:25)</strong></a> Therefore, now that you have put away deceit, each one of you speak truth with his neighbor, because we are members belonging to one another.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Col. 3:9)</strong></a> Do not lie to one another. Strip off the old personality* with its practices,</p><p></p><p>Lit., “man.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Prov. 6:16-19)</strong></a> There are six things that Jehovah hates; Yes, seven things that he* detests: <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Haughty eyes, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood, <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>A heart plotting wicked schemes, and feet that run quickly to evil, <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>A false witness who lies with every breath, And anyone sowing contentions among brothers.</p><p></p><p>Or “his soul.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
