<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, March 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Thursday, March 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class = "themeScrp"><em>His word runs swiftly.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 147:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">Today, Jehovah guides us with his Word, the Bible. And “his word runs swiftly” in that he readily gives us spiritual direction when we need it. Think about how you benefit from reading the Bible, examining the publications of “the faithful and discreet slave,” watching JW Broadcasting, visiting jw.org, talking with the elders, and associating with fellow Christians. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 24:45</a>) Have you not seen that Jehovah is swift to provide you with his guidance? The psalmist knew how favored God’s ancient people were. They were the only nation given God’s “word” and “his regulations and judgments.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 147:19, 20</a>) Today, we are blessed to be the only ones on earth called by God’s name. Knowing Jehovah and having his Word at work in our lives, we have come to enjoy a privileged relationship with him. Like the writer of <span id="citationsource4"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted21.xhtml#citation4">Psalm 147</a>, do you not have many good reasons to cry out “Praise Jah!” and to encourage others to do the same? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>20 ¶15-16;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation2"> 21 ¶18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 147:15)</strong></a> He sends his command to the earth; His word runs swiftly.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:45)</strong></a> “Who really is the faithful and discreet slave whom his master appointed over his domestics, to give them their food at the proper time?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 147:19, 20)</strong></a> He declares his word to Jacob, His regulations and judgments to Israel. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>He has not done so with any other nation; They know nothing about his judgments. Praise Jah!*</p><p></p><p>Or “Hallelujah!” “Jah” is a shortened form of the name Jehovah.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
