<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, March 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Thursday, March 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class = "themeScrp"><em>By God’s undeserved kindness I am what I am.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 15:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">If you have sinned seriously, Jehovah is ready <em>to help you </em>recover. But you must accept the help he provides through the congregation. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 24:16;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Jas. 5:13-15</a>) Do not delay​—your everlasting future is at stake! But suppose that long after a transgression was forgiven, you still have pangs of conscience over past mistakes? There were evidently times when the apostle Paul was distressed over past misdeeds. He acknowledged: “I am the least of the apostles, and I am not worthy of being called an apostle, because I persecuted the congregation of God.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 15:9</a>) Jehovah accepted Paul for what he was, and He expected Paul to realize that about himself. If you are sincerely repentant of past sins and have confessed them to the extent necessary, you can rest assured that Jehovah will be merciful. So take Jehovah at his word, and accept his forgiveness!​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Isa. 55:6, 7</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>11 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:10)</strong></a> But by God’s undeserved kindness I am what I am. And his undeserved kindness to me was not in vain, but I labored more than all of them; yet it was not I, but the undeserved kindness of God that is with me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 24:16)</strong></a> For the righteous one may fall seven times, and he will get up again, But the wicked will be made to stumble by calamity.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jas. 5:13-15)</strong></a> Is there anyone suffering hardship among you? Let him carry on prayer. Is there anyone in good spirits? Let him sing psalms. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>Is there anyone sick among you? Let him call the elders of the congregation to him, and let them pray over him, applying oil to him in the name of Jehovah.* <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>And the prayer of faith will make the sick one* well, and Jehovah* will raise him up. Also, if he has committed sins, he will be forgiven.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Or possibly, “tired one.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:9)</strong></a> For I am the least of the apostles, and I am not worthy of being called an apostle, because I persecuted the congregation of God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Isa. 55:6, 7)</strong></a> Search for Jehovah while he may be found. Call to him while he is near.  <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Let the wicked man leave his way And the evil man his thoughts; Let him return to Jehovah, who will have mercy on him, To our God, for he will forgive in a large way.*</p><p></p><p>Or “will freely forgive.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
