<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, March 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Friday, March 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class = "themeScrp"><em>No man serving as a soldier involves himself in the commercial businesses of life, in order to gain the approval of the one who enrolled him as a soldier.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Tim. 2:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">Jesus’ followers today, including an army of over one million full-time ministers, apply Paul’s counsel above to the extent that their circumstances allow. Resisting the pressures of advertising and the world around them, they remember the principle: “The borrower is a slave to the lender.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 22:7</a>) Satan would like nothing better than to have us spend all our time and energy as slaves to his commercial world. Some decisions could keep us in financial bondage for years. Huge home mortgages, lingering student loans, expensive car payments, even extravagant weddings can result in great financial pressure. We demonstrate practical wisdom when we simplify our life and reduce debt and expenses, setting ourselves free to slave for God rather than for today’s commercial system.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Tim. 6:10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>10 ¶13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 2:4)</strong></a> No man serving as a soldier involves himself* in the commercial businesses* of life, in order to gain the approval of the one who enrolled him as a soldier.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “gets entangled.”</p><p>Or possibly, “the everyday activities.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 22:7)</strong></a> The rich one rules the poor, And the borrower is a slave to the lender.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 6:10)</strong></a> For the love of money is a root of all sorts of injurious things, and by reaching out for this love some have been led astray from the faith and have stabbed themselves all over with many pains.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
