<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, March 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Wednesday, March 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class = "themeScrp"><em>The love of the greater number will grow cold.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 24:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">Succumbing to discouragement can weaken our faith and cause our love for God to grow cold. In this wicked system controlled by Satan, all of us at times face discouraging circumstances. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 John 5:19</a>) Perhaps we are presently confronted with problems caused by old age, poor health, or economic pressures. Or we may be struggling with feelings of inadequacy, with unfulfilled expectations, or with personal failings. Yet, we should never allow such circumstances or feelings to convince us that Jehovah has left us. Instead, we should meditate on reassuring words about Jehovah’s enduring love for us. We find such words at <span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Psalm 136:23</a>, which states: “He remembered us when we were low, for his loyal love endures forever.” Indeed, Jehovah’s loyal love for his servants is constant. Therefore, we can be sure that he hears our “pleas for help” and responds to them.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 116:1;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 136:24-26</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>18 ¶8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:12)</strong></a> and because of the increasing of lawlessness, the love of the greater number will grow cold.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 John 5:19)</strong></a> We know that we originate with God, but the whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 136:23)</strong></a> He remembered us when we were low, For his loyal love endures forever.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 116:1)</strong></a> I love Jehovah Because he hears* my voice, my pleas for help.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “I love because Jehovah hears.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 136:24-26)</strong></a> He kept rescuing us from our adversaries, For his loyal love endures forever. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>He gives food to every living thing,* For his loyal love endures forever. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>Give thanks to the God of the heavens, For his loyal love endures forever.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “all flesh.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
