<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, March 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32"><span id="page30" class="pageNum" data-no="30" data-before-text="30"></span>Monday, March 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class = "themeScrp"><em>You wives, be in subjection to your husbands, as it is becoming in the Lord. You husbands, keep on loving your wives and do not be bitterly angry with them. You children, be obedient to your parents in everything.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 3:18-20</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">No doubt you will agree that applying Paul’s inspired counsel will still benefit husbands, wives, and children. Husbands are told: “Keep on loving your wives and do not be bitterly angry with them.” A loving husband honors his wife by listening to her opinions and by assuring her that he values what she says. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Pet. 3:7</a>) Although he cannot always do as she asks, he often arrives at a more balanced decision by consulting her. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 15:22</a>) A loving husband tries to gain his wife’s respect by earning it rather than demanding it. A husband who loves his wife and children is more likely to have a family that happily serves Jehovah and wins the prize of life. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>28 ¶12;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation2"> 29 ¶15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 3:18-20)</strong></a> You wives, be in subjection to your husbands, as it is becoming in the Lord. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>You husbands, keep on loving your wives and do not be bitterly angry* with them. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>You children, be obedient to your parents in everything, for this is well-pleasing to the Lord.</p><p></p><p>Or “be harsh.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:7)</strong></a> You husbands, in the same way, continue dwelling with them according to knowledge.* Assign them honor as to a weaker vessel, the feminine one, since they are also heirs with you of the undeserved favor of life, in order for your prayers not to be hindered.</p><p></p><p>Or “showing them consideration; understanding them.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 15:22)</strong></a> Plans fail when there is no consultation,* But there is accomplishment through many advisers.*</p><p></p><p>Or “confidential talk.”</p><p>Or “counselors.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
