<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, March 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page26" class="pageNum" data-no="26" data-before-text="26"></span><strong>March</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Friday, March 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class = "themeScrp"><em>With humility consider others superior to you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 2:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">Is there someone in your congregation who rubs you the wrong way? Your initial feelings about that person may be negative and can become long-lasting if nothing is done to improve them. To improve relationships, even with enemies, the Bible recommends hospitality. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 25:21, 22</a>) Extending hospitality to someone can reduce friction and soften hard feelings. It can bring to the surface lovable aspects of our guest’s personality, aspects that Jehovah saw when he drew that one to the truth. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 6:44</a>) If extended with love, an unexpected invitation can be the start of a completely changed relationship. How can you make sure that love is your honest motive? One way is by following the encouragement given in our day’s text. Finding ways that our brothers or sisters <em>are </em>superior to us​—be it their faith, endurance, fearlessness, or some other Christian quality—​will deepen our love for them and open the way for genuine and healing hospitality. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>17 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:3)</strong></a> Do nothing out of contentiousness or out of egotism, but with humility* consider others superior to you,</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 25:21, 22)</strong></a> If your enemy* is hungry, give him bread to eat; If he is thirsty, give him water to drink, <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>For you will be heaping burning coals on his head,* And Jehovah will reward you.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the one hating you.”</p><p>That is, to soften the person and melt his hardness.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 6:44)</strong></a> No man can come to me unless the Father, who sent me, draws him, and I will resurrect him on the last day.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
