<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, March 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019012"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Tuesday, March 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class = "themeScrp"><em>Look out that no one takes you captive by means of the philosophy and empty deception . . . of the world.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 2:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">The apostle Paul wrote his letter to Christians in Colossae evidently at the end of his first confinement in Rome, or about 60-61 C.E. He mentioned to them the importance of acquiring “spiritual comprehension.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Col. 1:9</a>) Paul further stated: “I am saying this so that no one may delude you with persuasive arguments. Look out that no one takes you captive by means of the philosophy and empty deception according to human tradition, according to the elementary things of the world and not according to Christ.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Col. 2:4,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 8</a>) Paul went on to explain why some popular ideas were wrong and why worldly thinking may be appealing to imperfect people. For example, it may make a person feel wise and superior to others. The letter was aimed at helping the brothers to reject worldly thinking and wrong practices.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Col. 2:16, 17,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 23</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019012-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>20 ¶1</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 2:8)</strong></a> Look out that no one takes you captive* by means of the philosophy and empty deception according to human tradition, according to the elementary things of the world and not according to Christ;</p><p></p><p>Or “carries you off as his prey.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Col. 1:9)</strong></a> That is also why from the day we heard of it, we have never stopped praying for you and asking that you may be filled with the accurate knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual comprehension,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Col. 2:4)</strong></a> I am saying this so that no one may delude you with persuasive arguments.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Col. 2:8)</strong></a> Look out that no one takes you captive* by means of the philosophy and empty deception according to human tradition, according to the elementary things of the world and not according to Christ;</p><p></p><p>Or “carries you off as his prey.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Col. 2:16, 17)</strong></a> Therefore, do not let anyone judge you about what you eat and drink or about the observance of a festival or of the new moon or of a sabbath. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Those things are a shadow of the things to come, but the reality belongs to the Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Col. 2:23)</strong></a> Although those things have an appearance of wisdom in a self-imposed form of worship and a false humility, a harsh treatment of the body, they are of no value in combating the satisfying of the flesh.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
