<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, April 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p49" data-pid="49"><span id="page42" class="pageNum" data-no="42" data-before-text="42"></span>Tuesday, April 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p50" data-pid="50" class = "themeScrp">[<em>God</em>] <em>loved us and sent his Son as a propitiatory sacrifice for our sins.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 John 4:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="p51">From the moment that Jehovah promised a future Savior, as recorded at <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Genesis 3:15</a>, He viewed this sacrifice as already made. Then, some 4,000 years later, Jehovah at great personal cost sacrificed his only-begotten Son for the world of mankind. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 3:16</a>) How grateful we are for Jehovah’s unselfish love! We are able to show unselfish love because God created us in his image. Abel showed love for God by unselfishly offering the best of what he had. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gen. 4:3, 4</a>) Noah displayed unselfish love for his fellow man by preaching God’s message for decades despite not seeing any response from the people. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Pet. 2:5</a>) Abraham put his love for God ahead of his own feelings when he was commanded to offer up his son Isaac. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Jas. 2:21</a>) Like those faithful men, we want to show love, despite the challenges we face. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>7-8 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 10) </strong><span id="citationsource7"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Matthew 21:18, 19;</a></strong><span id="citationsource8"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> 21:12, 13;</a></strong><span id="citationsource9"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted16.xhtml#citation9"> <strong>John 12:20-50</strong></a></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 John 4:10)</strong></a> The love is in this respect, not that we have loved God, but that he loved us and sent his Son as a propitiatory sacrifice* for our sins.</p><p></p><p>Or “an atoning sacrifice; a means of appeasement.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:15)</strong></a> And I will put enmity* between you and the woman and between your offspring* and her offspring.* He will crush* your head, and you will strike* him in the heel.”</p><p></p><p>Or “hostility.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Or “bruise; strike.”</p><p>Or “bruise; crush.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 3:16)</strong></a> “For God loved the world so much that he gave his only-begotten Son, so that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gen. 4:3, 4)</strong></a> After some time, Cain brought some fruits of the land as an offering to Jehovah. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>But Abel brought some firstlings of his flock, including their fat. While Jehovah looked with favor on Abel and on his offering,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 2:5)</strong></a> And he did not refrain from punishing an ancient world, but kept Noah, a preacher of righteousness, safe with seven others when he brought a flood upon a world of ungodly people.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Jas. 2:21)</strong></a> Was not Abraham our father declared righteous by works after he offered up Isaac his son on the altar?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Matt. 21:18, 19)</strong></a> While returning to the city early in the morning, he felt hungry. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>He caught sight of a fig tree by the road and went to it, but he found nothing on it except leaves, and he said to it: “Let no fruit come from you ever again.” And the fig tree withered instantly.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Matt. 21:12, 13)</strong></a> Jesus entered the temple and threw out all those selling and buying in the temple, and he overturned the tables of the money changers and the benches of those selling doves. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>And he said to them: “It is written, ‘My house will be called a house of prayer,’ but you are making it a cave of robbers.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
