<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, April 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Friday, April 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class = "themeScrp">[<em>Noah</em>] <em>became an heir of the righteousness that results from faith.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 11:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">To cultivate faith like Noah’s, we need to be good students of God’s Word, to take to heart what we learn, and to let that knowledge mold us and guide us. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Pet. 1:13-15</a>) Then faith and godly wisdom will protect us from Satan’s clever designs and from the world’s evil spirit. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Cor. 2:11</a>) That spirit fosters a love for violence and immorality. And it impels people to focus on fleshly desires. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 John 2:15, 16</a>) It may even move the spiritually weak to ignore the evidence of the closeness of God’s great day. Note that when Jesus compared our time with Noah’s, he focused, not on violence or immorality, but on the dangers of spiritual apathy. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 24:36-39</a>) Ask yourself: ‘Does my way of life indicate that I truly know Jehovah? Does my faith impel me not only to live in harmony with God’s righteous standards but also to proclaim them?’ May your answers show that you too ‘walk with the true God.’​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Gen. 6:9</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>9-10 ¶8-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 11:7)</strong></a> By faith Noah, after receiving divine warning of things not yet seen, showed godly fear and constructed an ark for the saving of his household; and through this faith he condemned the world, and he became an heir of the righteousness that results from faith.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 1:13-15)</strong></a> So brace up your minds for activity; keep your senses completely; set your hope on the undeserved kindness that will be brought to you at the revelation of Jesus Christ. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>As obedient children, stop being molded by* the desires you formerly had in your ignorance, <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>but like the Holy One who called you, become holy yourselves in all your conduct,</p><p></p><p>Or “fashioned after.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 2:11)</strong></a> so that we may not be overreached* by Satan, for we are not ignorant of his designs.*</p><p></p><p>Or “outwitted.”</p><p>Or “intentions; schemes.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 John 2:15, 16)</strong></a> Do not love either the world or the things in the world. If anyone loves the world, the love of the Father is not in him; <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>because everything in the world—the desire of the flesh and the desire of the eyes and the showy display of one’s means of life*—does not originate with the Father, but originates with the world.</p><p></p><p>Or “the bragging about one’s possessions.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:36-39)</strong></a> “Concerning that day and hour nobody knows, neither the angels of the heavens nor the Son, but only the Father. <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>For just as the days of Noah were, so the presence of the Son of man will be. <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>For as they were in those days before the Flood, eating and drinking, men marrying and women being given in marriage, until the day that Noah entered into the ark, <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>and they took no note until the Flood came and swept them all away, so the presence of the Son of man will be.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:9)</strong></a> This is the history of Noah. Noah was a righteous man. He proved himself faultless* among his contemporaries.* Noah walked with the true God.</p><p></p><p>Or “blameless.”</p><p>Lit., “his generations.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
