<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, April 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p98" data-pid="98">Tuesday, April 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p99" data-pid="99" class = "themeScrp"><em>A man of knowledge restrains his words, and a discerning man will remain calm.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 17:27</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p100" data-pid="100" class="p100">If you have disfellowshipped relatives, you may need to control your feelings in order to avoid unnecessary contact with them. Self-restraint in such situations is easier if we realize that our actions are in line with God’s example and in harmony with his counsel. A notable example is King David. He wielded great power but refrained from using it out of anger when provoked by Saul and Shimei. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Sam. 26:9-11;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 2 Sam. 16:5-10</a>) That is not to say that David always controlled himself, as we know from his sin with Bath-sheba and his initial reaction to Nabal’s greed. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Sam. 25:10-13;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 2 Sam. 11:2-4</a>) Nevertheless, we can learn valuable lessons from David. First, overseers among God’s people need to be especially careful to exercise self-control so that they do not abuse their authority. Second, no one can be complacent, thinking that he is safe from temptation.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">1 Cor. 10:12</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>5-6 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p101" data-pid="101" class="p101"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 17:27)</strong></a> A man of knowledge restrains his words, And a discerning man will remain calm.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “cool of spirit.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 26:9-11)</strong></a> However, David said to A·bishʹai: “Do not harm him, for who can lift his hand against the anointed of Jehovah and remain innocent?” <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>David continued: “As surely as Jehovah is living, Jehovah himself will strike him down, or his day will come and he will die, or he will go down into battle and perish. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>It is unthinkable from Jehovah’s standpoint for me to lift my hand against the anointed of Jehovah! So now take, please, the spear next to his head and the water jug, and let us be on our way.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 16:5-10)</strong></a> When King David reached Ba·huʹrim, a man of the family of Saul’s house named Shimʹe·i, the son of Geʹra, came out shouting curses as he approached. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>He was throwing stones at David and at all the servants of King David, as well as at all the people and the mighty men on his right and on his left. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Shimʹe·i said as he cursed: “Get out, get out, you bloodguilty man! You worthless man! <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Jehovah has brought back on you all the bloodguilt for the house of Saul, in whose place you have ruled as king, but Jehovah gives the kingship into the hand of Abʹsa·lom your son. Now calamity has overtaken you because you are a bloodguilty man!” <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Then A·bishʹai the son of Ze·ruʹiah said to the king: “Why should this dead dog curse my lord the king? Let me go over, please, and take off his head.” <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>But the king said: “What do I have to do with you, you sons of Ze·ruʹiah? Let him curse me, for Jehovah has said to him, ‘Curse David!’ So who should say, ‘Why are you doing this?’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 25:10-13)</strong></a> Naʹbal answered David’s servants: “Who is David, and who is the son of Jesʹse? Nowadays many servants are breaking away from their masters. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>Do I have to take my bread and my water and the meat that I butchered for my shearers and give it to men who come from who knows where?” <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>At that David’s young men returned and reported all these words to him. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>David immediately said to his men: “Everyone strap on your sword!” So they all strapped on their swords, and David also strapped on his own sword, and about 400 men went up with David, while 200 men stayed with the baggage.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 11:2-4)</strong></a> One evening* David got up from his bed and walked around on the rooftop of the king’s house.* From the rooftop he saw a woman bathing, and the woman was very beautiful. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>David sent someone to inquire about the woman, and he reported: “Is this not Bath-sheʹba the daughter of E·liʹam and the wife of U·riʹah the Hitʹtite?” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Then David sent messengers to bring her. So she came in to him, and he lay down with her. (This happened while she was purifying herself from her uncleanness.*) Afterward, she returned to her house.</p><p></p><p>Or “Late one afternoon.”</p><p>Or “palace.”</p><p>Possibly her menstrual uncleanness.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 10:12)</strong></a> So let the one who thinks he is standing beware that he does not fall.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
