<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, April 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p69" data-pid="69">Sunday, April 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class = "themeScrp"><em>God resurrected this Jesus.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 2:32</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p71" data-pid="71" class="p71">In heaven, Jesus lives “forever and ever,” never seeing corruption. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rev. 1:5,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 18;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Rom. 6:9;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Col. 1:18;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 1 Pet. 3:18</a>) He had assured his faithful apostles that they would rule with him in heaven. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Luke 22:28-30</a>) Paul wrote that “Christ has been raised from the dead, the <em>firstfruits </em>of those who have fallen asleep in death.” Paul went on to indicate that there would be others raised to heavenly life, adding: “Each one in his own proper order: Christ the firstfruits, afterward those who belong to the Christ <em>during his presence.” </em>(<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">1 Cor. 15:20,</a><span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9"> 23</a>) Since 1914 we have been living during Jesus’ promised “presence.” It is still continuing, and the end of this wicked system of things is now very near. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.12 </em>10 ¶11;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation2"> 11 ¶14-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p72" data-pid="72" class="p72"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 15) </strong><span id="citationsource10"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10">Matthew 27:62-66</a></strong> <strong>(Events after sunset: Nisan 16) </strong><span id="citationsource11"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation11">Matthew 28:2-4</a></strong></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 2:32)</strong></a> God resurrected this Jesus, and of this we are all witnesses.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 1:5)</strong></a> and from Jesus Christ, “the Faithful Witness,” “the firstborn from the dead,” and “the Ruler of the kings of the earth.” To him who loves us and who set us free from our sins by means of his own blood—</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 1:18)</strong></a> and the living one, and I became dead, but look! I am living forever and ever, and I have the keys of death and of the Grave.*</p><p></p><p>Or “Hades,” that is, the common grave of mankind. See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 6:9)</strong></a> For we know that Christ, now that he has been raised up from the dead, dies no more; death is no longer master over him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Col. 1:18)</strong></a> and he is the head of the body, the congregation. He is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, so that he might become the one who is first in all things;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:18)</strong></a> For Christ died once for all time for sins, a righteous person for unrighteous ones, in order to lead you to God. He was put to death in the flesh but made alive in the spirit.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Luke 22:28-30)</strong></a> “However, you are the ones who have stuck with me in my trials; <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>and I make a covenant with you, just as my Father has made a covenant with me, for a kingdom, <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>so that you may eat and drink at my table in my Kingdom, and sit on thrones to judge the 12 tribes of Israel.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:20)</strong></a> But now Christ has been raised from the dead, the firstfruits of those who have fallen asleep in death.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:23)</strong></a> But each one in his own proper order: Christ the firstfruits, afterward those who belong to the Christ during his presence.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(Matt. 27:62-66)</strong></a> The next day, which was after the Preparation, the chief priests and the Pharisees gathered together before Pilate, <strong><sup>63 </sup></strong>saying: “Sir, we recall what that impostor said while he was still alive, ‘After three days I am to be raised up.’ <strong><sup>64 </sup></strong>Therefore, command that the grave be made secure until the third day, so that his disciples may not come and steal him and say to the people, ‘He was raised up from the dead!’ Then this last deception will be worse than the first.” <strong><sup>65 </sup></strong>Pilate said to them: “You may have a guard. Go make it as secure as you know how.” <strong><sup>66 </sup></strong>So they went and made the grave secure by sealing the stone and posting a guard.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation11"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource11">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:2-4)</strong></a> And look! a great earthquake had taken place, for Jehovah’s angel had descended from heaven and had come and rolled away the stone, and he was sitting on it. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>His appearance was like lightning, and his clothing was as white as snow. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Yes, out of their fear of him, the watchmen trembled and became as dead men.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
