<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, April 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38"><span id="page41" class="pageNum" data-no="41" data-before-text="41"></span>Saturday, April 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class = "themeScrp"><em>He must flee to one of these cities.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Josh. 20:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">Once inside a city of refuge, the fugitive was safe. Regarding those cities, Jehovah said: “They will serve as a refuge for you.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Josh. 20:2, 3</a>) Jehovah did not require the manslayer to be judged again for the same case; nor was the avenger of blood permitted to enter the city and take the fugitive’s life. The fugitive thus never had to fear reprisal. While in the city, he was safe and secure under Jehovah’s protection. This was not a <em>prison </em>of refuge. The city offered him an opportunity to work, to help others, and to serve Jehovah in peace. Yes, a happy and fulfilling life was possible! Some of God’s people who sinned grievously but who repented have felt “imprisoned” by their guilt, even feeling that Jehovah will forever view them as tainted by gross wrongdoing. If you feel that way, please be assured that when Jehovah forgives you, you can feel secure in his mercy! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>9 ¶6;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation2"> 11 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Josh. 20:4)</strong></a> He must flee to one of these cities and stand at the entrance of the city gate and present his case in the hearing of the elders of that city. Then they must receive him into the city and give him a place and he will live with them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Josh. 20:2, 3)</strong></a> “Tell the Israelites, ‘Select for yourselves the cities of refuge about which I spoke to you through Moses, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>so that the manslayer who unintentionally or accidentally* kills someone* may flee there. And they will serve as a refuge for you from the avenger of blood.</p><p></p><p>Or “unknowingly.”</p><p>Or “strikes a soul.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
