<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, April 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Friday, April 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class = "themeScrp"><em>We must obey God as ruler rather than men.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 5:29</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">Consider the courage Joseph showed when Potiphar’s wife tempted him to commit sexual immorality. He must have known that he could face severe consequences if he refused her. Even so, rather than give in, he showed courage and took decisive action. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 39:10,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 12</a>) Rahab is another example of courage. When Israelite spies went to her home in Jericho, she courageously hid the two men and helped them to get away safely. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Josh. 2:4, 5,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 9,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 12-16</a>) When opposed by the Sadducees, the faithful apostles, who had seen the courage that Jesus displayed, would not stop teaching on the basis of Jesus’ name. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Acts 5:17, 18,</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> 27-29</a>) Joseph, Rahab, Jesus, and the apostles displayed an inner strength that motivated them to perform good works. Their courage was not overconfidence. It came from reliance on Jehovah. We too face circumstances that require courage. Rather than rely on ourselves, we must rely on Jehovah.​—<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">2 Tim. 1:7</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>29 ¶6-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 5:29)</strong></a> In answer Peter and the other apostles said: “We must obey God as ruler rather than men.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 39:10)</strong></a> So day after day she spoke to Joseph, but he never consented to lie with her or to remain with her.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 39:12)</strong></a> Then she grabbed hold of him by his garment and said: “Lie down with me!” But he left his garment in her hand and fled outside.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Josh. 2:4, 5)</strong></a> But the woman took the two men and hid them. Then she said: “Yes, the men came to me, but I did not know where they were from. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>And at dark when the city gate was about to be closed, the men went out. I do not know where the men went, but if you quickly chase after them, you will catch up with them.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Josh. 2:9)</strong></a> She said to the men: “I do know that Jehovah will give you the land and that the fear of you has fallen upon us. All the inhabitants of the land are disheartened because of you,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Josh. 2:12-16)</strong></a> Now, please, swear to me by Jehovah that, because I showed loyal love to you, you will also show loyal love to my father’s household; and you must give me a sign of good faith.* <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>You must spare the lives of my father and mother, my brothers and sisters, and all who belong to them, and you must save us* from death.” <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>At that the men said to her: “We will give our lives for yours!* If you do not tell about our mission, then we will show loyal love and faithfulness toward you when Jehovah gives us the land.” <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>After that she let them down by a rope through the window, for her house was on a side of the city wall. In fact, she was dwelling on the wall. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>Then she said to them: “Go to the mountainous region and hide there for three days, so that those pursuing you may not find you. Then, after your pursuers have come back, you can go on your way.”</p><p></p><p>Or “a reliable sign.”</p><p>Or “our souls.”</p><p>Or “Our souls will die instead of you!”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Acts 5:17, 18)</strong></a> But the high priest rose, and all those with him, who were of the sect of the Sadducees, and they were filled with jealousy. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>And they seized* the apostles and put them in the public jail.</p><p></p><p>Or “arrested.” Lit., “laid hands on.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Acts 5:27-29)</strong></a> So they brought them and stood them before the Sanʹhe·drin. Then the high priest questioned them <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>and said: “We strictly ordered you not to keep teaching on the basis of this name, and yet look! you have filled Jerusalem with your teaching, and you are determined to bring the blood of this man upon us.” <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>In answer Peter and the other apostles said: “We must obey God as ruler rather than men.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 1:7)</strong></a> For God did not give us a spirit of cowardice, but one of power and of love and of soundness of mind.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
