<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, April 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Wednesday, April 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class = "themeScrp"><em>We do not have a high priest who cannot sympathize with our weaknesses, but we have one who has been tested in all respects as we have, but without sin.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 4:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">The services of our High Priest, Jesus, reassure us that our sins can be forgiven and that “we may receive mercy and find undeserved kindness to help us at the right time.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 4:16</a>) Therefore, exercise faith in Jesus’ sacrifice. Have faith that the ransom applies to <em>you. </em>(<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gal. 2:20, 21</a>) Have faith that the ransom is the basis for forgiving <em>your </em>sins. Have faith that the ransom offers <em>you </em>the hope of eternal life. Jesus’ sacrifice is Jehovah’s gift to <em>you. </em>And once Jehovah has forgiven our sins, we do not need to fear that he is looking for a reason to bring up those sins again or to judge us for them. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 103:8-12</a>) Yes, we can be completely confident of Jehovah’s forgiveness. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>11-12 ¶14-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p56" data-pid="56" class="p56"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 11) </strong><span id="citationsource5"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matthew 21:33-41;</a></strong><span id="citationsource6"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 22:15-22;</a></strong><span id="citationsource7"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted17.xhtml#citation7"> <strong>23:1-12;</strong></a><span id="citationsource8"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> 24:1-3</a></strong></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 4:15)</strong></a> For we do not have a high priest who cannot sympathize with our weaknesses, but we have one who has been tested in all respects as we have, but without sin.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 4:16)</strong></a> Let us, then, approach the throne of undeserved kindness with freeness of speech, so that we may receive mercy and find undeserved kindness to help us at the right time.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gal. 2:20, 21)</strong></a> I am nailed to the stake along with Christ. It is no longer I who live, but it is Christ who is living in union with me. Indeed, the life that I now live in the flesh I live by faith in the Son of God, who loved me and handed himself over for me. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>I do not reject* the undeserved kindness of God, for if righteousness is through law, Christ actually died for nothing.</p><p></p><p>Or “shove aside.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 103:8-12)</strong></a> Jehovah is merciful and compassionate,* Slow to anger and abundant in loyal love.*  <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>He will not always find fault, Nor will he stay resentful forever. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>He has not dealt with us according to our sins, Nor has he repaid us what our errors deserve. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>For as the heavens are higher than the earth, So great is his loyal love toward those who fear him. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>As far off as the sunrise is from the sunset, So far off from us he has put our transgressions.</p><p></p><p>Or “gracious.”</p><p>Or “loving-kindness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 21:33-41)</strong></a> “Hear another illustration: There was a man, a landowner, who planted a vineyard and put a fence around it and dug a winepress in it and erected a tower; then he leased it to cultivators and traveled abroad. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>When the fruit season came around, he sent his slaves to the cultivators to collect his fruit. <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>However, the cultivators took his slaves, and they beat one up, another they killed, another they stoned. <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>Again he sent other slaves, more than the first group, but they did the same to these. <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>Lastly he sent his son to them, saying, ‘They will respect my son.’ <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>On seeing the son, the cultivators said among themselves, ‘This is the heir. Come, let us kill him and get his inheritance!’ <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>So they took him and threw him out of the vineyard and killed him. <strong><sup>40 </sup></strong>Therefore, when the owner of the vineyard comes, what will he do to those cultivators?” <strong><sup>41 </sup></strong>They said to him: “Because they are evil, he will bring a terrible destruction on them and will lease the vineyard to other cultivators, who will give him the fruits when they become due.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Matt. 22:15-22)</strong></a> Then the Pharisees went and conspired together in order to trap him in his speech. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>So they sent their disciples to him, together with party followers of Herod, saying: “Teacher, we know you are truthful and teach the way of God in truth, and you do not seek anyone’s favor, for you do not look at the outward appearance of people. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Tell us, then, what do you think? Is it lawful* to pay head tax to Caesar or not?” <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>But Jesus, knowing their wickedness, said: “Why do you put me to the test, hypocrites? <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Show me the tax coin.” They brought him a de·narʹi·us. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>He said to them: “Whose image and inscription is this?” <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>They said: “Caesar’s.” Then he said to them: “Pay back, therefore, Caesar’s things to Caesar, but God’s things to God.” <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>When they heard that, they were amazed, and they left him and went away.</p><p></p><p>Or “right.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:1-3)</strong></a> Now as Jesus was departing from the temple, his disciples approached to show him the buildings of the temple. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>In response he said to them: “Do you not see all these things? Truly I say to you, by no means will a stone be left here upon a stone and not be thrown down.” <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>While he was sitting on the Mount of Olives, the disciples approached him privately, saying: “Tell us, when will these things be, and what will be the sign of your presence and of the conclusion of the system of things?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
