<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Memorial Date
After Sundown
Friday, April 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p61" data-pid="61"><span id="page43" class="pageNum" data-no="43" data-before-text="43"></span>Memorial Date<br />After Sundown<br />Friday, April 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p62" data-pid="62" class = "themeScrp"><em>The stone that the builders rejected has become the chief cornerstone.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 118:22</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="p63">“The builders,” the Jewish leaders, rejected the Messiah. Their rejection was far more than just turning their backs on Jesus or refusing to accept him as the Christ. Many Jews rejected him to the point of clamoring for his death. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 23:18-23</a>) Yes, they contributed to Jesus’ being killed. If Jesus was rejected and killed, how could he become “the chief cornerstone”? That could come about only by his being resurrected to life again. The apostle Peter spoke of “Jesus Christ the Nazarene, whom <em>you executed </em>on a stake but whom <em>God raised up from the dead.” </em>(<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 3:15;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 4:5-11;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 1 Pet. 2:5-7</a>) This resurrected Son thus became the only one whose name was “given among men by which we must get saved.”​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Acts 4:12;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> Eph. 1:20</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.12 </em>9-10 ¶6-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 13) </strong><span id="citationsource8"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Matthew 26:17-19;</a></strong><span id="citationsource9"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9"> Luke 22:7-13</a></strong> <strong>(Events after sunset: Nisan 14) </strong><span id="citationsource10"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted19.xhtml#citation10"><strong>Matthew 26:20-56</strong></a></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 118:22)</strong></a> The stone that the builders rejected Has become the chief cornerstone.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the head of the corner.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 23:18-23)</strong></a> But the whole crowd shouted out: “Do away with this man,* and release Bar·abʹbas to us!” <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>(This man had been thrown into prison for sedition that had occurred in the city and for murder.) <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>Again Pilate called out to them, because he wanted to release Jesus. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>Then they began to yell, saying: “To the stake with him! To the stake with him!”* <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>The third time he said to them: “Why? What bad thing did this man do? I found in him nothing deserving of death; I will therefore punish him and release him.” <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>At this they became insistent, demanding with loud voices that he be executed,* and their voices prevailed.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “Take this one away.”</p><p>Or “Execute him on the stake! Execute him on the stake!”</p><p>Or “executed on the stake.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 3:15)</strong></a> whereas you killed the Chief Agent of life. But God raised him up from the dead, of which fact we are witnesses.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 4:5-11)</strong></a> The next day their rulers, elders, and scribes gathered together in Jerusalem, <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>along with Anʹnas the chief priest, Caʹia·phas, John, Alexander, and all who were relatives of the chief priest. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>They stood Peter and John in their midst and began to question them: “By what power or in whose name did you do this?” <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Then Peter, filled with holy spirit, said to them: “Rulers of the people and elders, <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>if we are being examined today about a good deed to a crippled man, and you want to know who made this man well,* <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>let it be known to all of you and to all the people of Israel that in the name of Jesus Christ the Naz·a·reneʹ, whom you executed on a stake but whom God raised up from the dead, by means of him* this man stands here healthy in front of you. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>This is ‘the stone that was treated by you builders as of no account that has become the chief cornerstone.’</p><p></p><p>Or “has saved this man.”</p><p>Or possibly, “in this name.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:5-7)</strong></a> you yourselves as living stones are being built up into a spiritual house to be a holy priesthood, in order to offer up spiritual sacrifices acceptable to God through Jesus Christ. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>For it says in Scripture: “Look! I am laying in Zion a chosen stone, a precious foundation cornerstone, and no one exercising faith in it will ever be disappointed.”* <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>It is to you, therefore, that he is precious, because you are believers; but to those not believing, “the stone that the builders rejected, this has become the chief cornerstone”*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “put to shame.”</p><p>Lit., “the head of the corner.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Acts 4:12)</strong></a> Furthermore, there is no salvation in anyone else, for there is no other name under heaven that has been given among men by which we must get saved.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Eph. 1:20)</strong></a> which he exercised toward Christ when he raised him up from the dead and seated him at his right hand in the heavenly places,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:17-19)</strong></a> On the first day of the Unleavened Bread, the disciples came to Jesus, saying: “Where do you want us to prepare for you to eat the Passover?” <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>He said: “Go into the city to So-and-so and say to him, ‘The Teacher says: “My appointed time is near; I will celebrate the Passover with my disciples at your home.”’” <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>So the disciples did as Jesus instructed them and prepared for the Passover.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Luke 22:7-13)</strong></a> The day of the Unleavened Bread now arrived, on which the Passover sacrifice must be offered; <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>so Jesus sent Peter and John, saying: “Go and get the Passover ready for us to eat.” <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>They said to him: “Where do you want us to get it ready?” <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>He said to them: “Look! When you enter into the city, a man carrying an earthenware water jar will meet you. Follow him into the house that he enters. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>And say to the landlord of the house, ‘The Teacher says to you: “Where is the guest room where I may eat the Passover with my disciples?”’ <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>And that man will show you a large, furnished upper room. Get it ready there.” <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>So they left and found it just as he had told them, and they prepared for the Passover.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
