<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, April 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8">Wednesday, April 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class = "themeScrp"><em>He does not go back on his promise, even when it is bad for him.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 15:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">If we accept an invitation, we should not cancel frivolously. Our host may well have made preparations, and all his effort may be for nothing if we cancel. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 5:37</a>) Some have at times canceled a previous invitation in order to accept a seemingly better one. Would that be loving and respectful? Rather, we should accept hospitality with genuine appreciation for whatever our hosts have to offer. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 10:7</a>) And if truly unavoidable circumstances force us to cancel, it would be loving and considerate to let our hosts know as soon as possible. It is also important to respect local customs. In some cultures, unexpected guests are welcome; in others, prior arrangements are preferred. And in some cultures, it is expected that guests politely decline the first invitation or two; in others, to decline comes across as unappreciative. Let us do our utmost to make our hosts happy that they invited us. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>18 ¶20-21</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 15:4)</strong></a> He rejects anyone who is contemptible, But he honors those fearing Jehovah. He does not go back on his promise,* even when it is bad for him.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “oath.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:37)</strong></a> Just let your word ‘Yes’ mean yes, your ‘No,’ no, for what goes beyond these is from the wicked one.*</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “from what is wicked.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 10:7)</strong></a> So stay in that house, eating and drinking the things they provide, for the worker is worthy of his wages. Do not keep transferring from house to house.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
