<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, April 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Saturday, April 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class = "themeScrp"><em>From these turn away.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Tim. 3:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">We cannot completely avoid people with ungodly traits. We might have to work with them, go to school with them, or live with them. But we can avoid being drawn into their thinking and imitating their characteristics. We do this by strengthening our spirituality through Bible study and close association with those who are determined to serve Jehovah. We should also strive to help others spiritually. Look for opportunities to witness, asking Jehovah to help you say the right thing at the right time. We should let others know that we are Jehovah’s Witnesses. That way, our fine conduct will bring glory to God and not to us. We have been trained “to reject ungodliness and worldly desires and to live with soundness of mind and righteousness and godly devotion amid this present system of things.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Titus 2:11-14</a>) If we conduct ourselves in a godly way, others will observe us, and some may even say: “We want to go with you, for we have heard that God is with you people.”​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Zech. 8:23</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>31 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:5)</strong></a> having an appearance of godliness but proving false to its power; and from these turn away.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Titus 2:11-14)</strong></a> For the undeserved kindness of God has been manifested, bringing salvation to all sorts of people. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>It trains us to reject ungodliness and worldly desires and to live with soundness of mind and righteousness and godly devotion amid this present system of things,* <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>while we wait for the happy hope and glorious manifestation of the great God and of our Savior, Jesus Christ, <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>who gave himself for us to set us free* from every sort of lawlessness and to cleanse for himself a people who are his own special possession, zealous for fine works.</p><p></p><p>Or “this present age.” See Glossary.</p><p>Lit., “to ransom us; to redeem us.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Zech. 8:23)</strong></a> “This is what Jehovah of armies says, ‘In those days ten men out of all the languages of the nations will take hold, yes, they will take firm hold of the robe* of a Jew,* saying: “We want to go with you, for we have heard that God is with you people.”’”</p><p></p><p>Or “extremity of the garment.”</p><p>Lit., “a Jewish man.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
