<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, April 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Sunday, April 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class = "themeScrp"><em>How good and how pleasant it is . . . to dwell together in unity!​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 133:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">One way we can promote unity is by reflecting on the meaning of the emblems used at the Memorial. Prior to that special night​—and especially on that night—​give serious thought to the significance of the unleavened bread and the red wine. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 11:23-25</a>) The bread represents the sinless body of Jesus offered in sacrifice, and the wine pictures his shed blood. Remember that the ransom sacrifice of Christ involved the two greatest expressions of love​—the love that Jehovah showed in giving his Son in our behalf, and the love that Jesus showed by willingly offering up his life for us. Reflecting on their love should move us to love them in return. And the love for Jehovah that we and our fellow worshippers share is like a cord that ties us together and strengthens our bond of unity. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>14 ¶11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p44" data-pid="44" class="p44"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Events after sunset: Nisan 9) </strong><span id="citationsource3"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matthew 26:6-13</a></strong></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 133:1)</strong></a> Look! How good and how pleasant it is For brothers to dwell together in unity!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 11:23-25)</strong></a> For I received from the Lord what I also handed on to you, that the Lord Jesus on the night on which he was going to be betrayed took a loaf, <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>and after giving thanks, he broke it and said: “This means my body, which is in your behalf. Keep doing this in remembrance of me.” <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>He did the same with the cup also, after they had the evening meal, saying: “This cup means the new covenant by virtue of my blood. Keep doing this, whenever you drink it, in remembrance of me.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:6-13)</strong></a> While Jesus was in Bethʹa·ny in the house of Simon the leper, <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>a woman with an alabaster jar of costly perfumed oil approached him, and she began pouring it on his head as he was dining.* <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>On seeing this, the disciples became indignant and said: “Why this waste? <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>For this could have been sold for a great deal of money and given to the poor.” <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Aware of this, Jesus said to them: “Why do you try to make trouble for the woman? She did a fine deed toward me. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>For you always have the poor with you, but you will not always have me. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>When she put this perfumed oil on my body, she did it to prepare me for burial. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Truly I say to you, wherever this good news is preached in all the world, what this woman did will also be told in memory of her.”</p><p></p><p>Or “reclining at the table.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
