<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, April 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Friday, April 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class = "themeScrp"><em>A book of remembrance was written before him for those fearing Jehovah and for those meditating on his name.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Mal. 3:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">Reflect on the importance of attending the Memorial. Remember, congregation meetings are part of our worship. Surely Jehovah and Jesus take note of who makes the effort to attend this most important meeting of the year. Frankly, we want them to see that unless it is physically or circumstantially impossible, we will be present at the Memorial. When we show by our actions that meetings for worship are important to us, we give Jehovah added reason to keep our name in his “book of remembrance”​—“the book of life”—​in which the names of those who are in line to attain to everlasting life are inscribed. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rev. 20:15</a>) In the days leading up to the Memorial, we can set aside time to examine prayerfully and carefully our personal relationship with Jehovah.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Cor. 13:5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>13 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Mal. 3:16)</strong></a> At that time those who fear Jehovah spoke with one another, each one with his companion, and Jehovah kept paying attention and listening. And a book of remembrance was written before him for those fearing Jehovah and for those meditating on* his name.</p><p></p><p>Or “thinking on.” Or possibly, “treasuring.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 20:15)</strong></a> Furthermore, whoever was not found written in the book of life was hurled into the lake of fire.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 13:5)</strong></a> Keep testing whether you are in the faith; keep proving what you yourselves are. Or do you not recognize that Jesus Christ is in union with you? Unless you are disapproved.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
