<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, April 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page37" class="pageNum" data-no="37" data-before-text="37"></span><strong>April</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Monday, April 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class = "themeScrp"><em>He gave gifts in men.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 4:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">How can we benefit from those precious gifts? One way is to imitate the faith of the elders as well as their fine example. Another way is to heed their Scriptural counsel. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 13:7,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 17</a>) Remember, the elders love us and want us to grow spiritually. For instance, if they notice that we are missing meetings or that our zeal is cooling off, they will no doubt quickly come to our aid. They will listen to us and then try to build us up with warm encouragement and appropriate Scriptural counsel. Do you view such help as an expression of Jehovah’s love for you? Keep in mind that elders may find that it is not easy to approach us with needed counsel. So how can you ease the load for the elders in your congregation? Be humble, approachable, and thankful. See their help as an expression of God’s love for you. This will not only benefit you but also add much joy to their work. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>31 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:8)</strong></a> For it says: “When he ascended on high he carried away captives; he gave gifts in men.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:7)</strong></a> Remember those who are taking the lead among you, who have spoken the word of God to you, and as you contemplate how their conduct turns out, imitate their faith.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:17)</strong></a> Be obedient to those who are taking the lead among you and be submissive, for they are keeping watch over you* as those who will render an account, so that they may do this with joy and not with sighing, for this would be damaging to you.</p><p></p><p>Or “your souls.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
