<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, April 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23">Monday, April 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class = "themeScrp"><em>Show yourselves thankful.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 3:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">While personal study is one way we listen to Jehovah, prayer is a way in which we speak to him. A Christian should not view prayer as a meaningless ritual; nor is it a ‘good luck charm’ to increase the chances of success at some endeavor. Rather, prayer is real communication with our Creator. Jehovah <em>wants </em>to hear from you. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Phil. 4:6</a>) When you experience any kind of anxiety, the Bible’s wise advice is to “throw your burden on Jehovah.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 55:22</a>) Do you really believe that? There are millions of brothers and sisters who can assure you that it has helped them. It can help you too! Prayer offers you the opportunity to do more than simply ask Jehovah for help. Sometimes we can become so consumed by our problems that we overlook the many blessings we have. Why not determine that each day you will think of at least three things for which you can be thankful? Then thank Jehovah in prayer for those blessings. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.12 </em>25-26 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 3:15)</strong></a> Also, let the peace of the Christ rule in your hearts,* for you were called to that peace in one body. And show yourselves thankful.</p><p></p><p>Or “control your hearts.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:6)</strong></a> Do not be anxious over anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication along with thanksgiving, let your petitions be made known to God;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 55:22)</strong></a> Throw your burden on Jehovah, And he will sustain you. Never will he allow the righteous one to fall.*</p><p></p><p>Or “stagger; totter.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
