<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, April 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89">Saturday, April 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class = "themeScrp"><em>Strip off the old personality with its practices.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 3:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">Stripping off old personality traits cannot be done in one’s own strength. Often, individuals who did so had to fight hard to put away their bad practices. They gained the victory by opening their mind and heart to the power of God’s Word and his holy spirit. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 11:13;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Heb. 4:12</a>) To benefit from that power, we must read the Bible daily, meditate on it, and pray constantly for the wisdom and strength to apply Bible counsel. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Josh. 1:8;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Ps. 119:97;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 1 Thess. 5:17</a>) We also benefit from God’s Word and his holy spirit when we prepare for and attend congregation meetings. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Heb. 10:24, 25</a>) In addition, we want to make good use of the various means by which spiritual food is now made available to God’s people worldwide. (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Luke 12:42</a>) While Christians must strip off the old personality, that is not all that is required to gain God’s approval. We must also clothe ourselves with the new personality.​—<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">Col. 3:10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>21 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 3:9)</strong></a> Do not lie to one another. Strip off the old personality* with its practices,</p><p></p><p>Lit., “man.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 11:13)</strong></a> Therefore, if you, although being wicked, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more so will the Father in heaven give holy spirit to those asking him!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 4:12)</strong></a> For the word of God is alive and exerts power and is sharper than any two-edged sword and pierces even to the dividing of soul* and spirit,* and of joints from the marrow, and is able to discern thoughts and intentions of the heart.</p><p></p><p>See Glossary.</p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Josh. 1:8)</strong></a> This book of the Law should not depart from your mouth, and you must read it in an undertone* day and night, in order to observe carefully all that is written in it; for then your way will be successful and then you will act wisely.</p><p></p><p>Or “meditate on it.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:97)</strong></a> How I do love your law! I ponder over* it all day long.</p><p></p><p>Or “study.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:17)</strong></a> Pray constantly.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:24, 25)</strong></a> And let us consider* one another so as to incite* to love and fine works, <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>not forsaking our meeting together, as some have the custom, but encouraging one another, and all the more so as you see the day drawing near.</p><p></p><p>Or “be concerned about; pay attention to.”</p><p>Or “motivate; stir up.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Luke 12:42)</strong></a> And the Lord said: “Who really is the faithful steward, the discreet one, whom his master will appoint over his body of attendants to keep giving them their measure of food supplies at the proper time?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Col. 3:10)</strong></a> and clothe yourselves with the new personality, which through accurate knowledge is being made new according to the image of the One who created it,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
