<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, April 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20"><span id="page39" class="pageNum" data-no="39" data-before-text="39"></span>Sunday, April 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class = "themeScrp"><em>Men will be lovers of themselves.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Tim. 3:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">Is it wrong for us to love ourselves? No, it is normal, even necessary, to have a healthy love of self. Jehovah designed us that way. Jesus said: “You must love your neighbor <em>as yourself.” </em>(<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Mark 12:31</a>) If we do not love ourselves, we cannot love our neighbor. We also read in the Scriptures: “Husbands should love their wives <em>as their own bodies. </em>A man who loves his wife loves <em>himself, </em>for no man ever hated his own body, but he feeds and cherishes it.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eph. 5:28, 29</a>) So a proper love of self is desirable. The love of self mentioned at <span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Timothy 3:2</a> is a distorted, selfish love. People who love themselves excessively think more of themselves than it is necessary for them to think. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Rom. 12:3</a>) Their main interest in life is themselves. They care little about others. When things go wrong, they tend to blame others rather than accept responsibility. Such self-centered people are not truly happy. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>23 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:2)</strong></a> For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, disloyal,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Mark 12:31)</strong></a> The second is this, ‘You must love your neighbor as yourself.’ There is no other commandment greater than these.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:28, 29)</strong></a> In the same way husbands should love their wives as their own bodies. A man who loves his wife loves himself, <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>for no man ever hated his own body,* but he feeds and cherishes it, just as the Christ does the congregation,</p><p></p><p>Lit., “flesh.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:2)</strong></a> For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, disloyal,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:3)</strong></a> For through the undeserved kindness given to me, I tell everyone there among you not to think more of himself than it is necessary to think, but to think so as to have a sound mind, each one as God has given* to him a measure of faith.</p><p></p><p>Or “apportioned; distributed.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
