<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, April 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p92" data-pid="92"><span id="page46" class="pageNum" data-no="46" data-before-text="46"></span>Sunday, April 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p93" data-pid="93" class = "themeScrp"><em>As for me, I trust in your loyal love; my heart will rejoice in your acts of salvation.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 13:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p94" data-pid="94" class="p94">King David was the victim of many injustices. Although anointed by Jehovah at an early age to be the future king of Israel, David had to wait some 15 years before he was made king over his own tribe. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Sam. 2:3, 4</a>) During part of this time, unfaithful King Saul pursued David, seeking to kill him. As a result, David had to live as a fugitive, at times in a foreign country and at other times in caves in the wilderness. Even when Saul was eventually killed in battle, David still had to wait about seven more years before he was given the kingship over the whole nation of Israel. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Sam. 5:4, 5</a>) Why was David willing to wait patiently? He trusted in Jehovah’s loyal love. He joyfully looked forward to deliverance, and he reflected on how Jehovah had dealt rewardingly with him. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 13:6</a>) Yes, David felt that the wait would be worth it. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>6 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 13:5)</strong></a> As for me, I trust in your loyal love; My heart will rejoice in your acts of salvation.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 2:3, 4)</strong></a> David also brought the men who were with him, each with his household, and they settled in the cities around Hebʹron. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Then the men of Judah came, and there they anointed David as king over the house of Judah. They told David: “The men of Jaʹbesh-gilʹe·ad were the ones who buried Saul.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 5:4, 5)</strong></a> David was 30 years old when he became king, and he reigned for 40 years. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>In Hebʹron he reigned over Judah for 7 years and 6 months, and in Jerusalem he reigned for 33 years over all Israel and Judah.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 13:6)</strong></a> I will sing to Jehovah, for he has richly rewarded me.*</p><p></p><p>Or “he has dealt rewardingly with me.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
