<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, April 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11"><span id="page38" class="pageNum" data-no="38" data-before-text="38"></span>Thursday, April 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class = "themeScrp"><em>Press on to maturity.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 6:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">Keep in mind that having knowledge of the Bible is not enough to become a spiritually-minded person. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Ki. 4:29, 30;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 11:4-6</a>) So in addition to Bible knowledge, what is needed? We need to continue to make spiritual progress. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Col. 2:6, 7</a>) One important step is to study the publication <em>“Keep Yourselves in God’s Love.” </em>Completing your study of that book will help you to see how to apply Bible principles in your life. If you have already finished studying that book, can you move on to other study materials that can help you to stabilize your faith? (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Col. 1:23</a>) Do you prayerfully meditate on how you can apply in your life what you are studying? Keep in mind that as we study and meditate, we should do so with the goal of developing a heartfelt desire to please Jehovah and obey his laws. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Ps. 40:8;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 119:97</a>) At the same time, we work to reject things that will hinder our spiritual growth.​—<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Titus 2:11, 12</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>24-25 ¶7-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 6:1)</strong></a> Therefore, now that we have moved beyond the primary doctrine about the Christ, let us press on to maturity, not laying a foundation again, namely, repentance from dead works and faith in God,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 4:29, 30)</strong></a> And God gave Solʹo·mon wisdom and discernment in very great measure and a broadness of heart* like the sand on the seashore. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>Solʹo·mon’s wisdom surpassed the wisdom of all the people of the East and all the wisdom of Egypt.</p><p></p><p>Or “heart with understanding.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 11:4-6)</strong></a> In Solʹo·mon’s old age, his wives inclined* his heart to follow other gods, and his heart was not complete with* Jehovah his God like the heart of David his father. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>And Solʹo·mon followed after Ashʹto·reth, the goddess of the Si·doʹni·ans, and Milʹcom, the disgusting god of the Amʹmon·ites. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>And Solʹo·mon did what was bad in the eyes of Jehovah, and he did not follow Jehovah completely* as David his father had done.</p><p></p><p>Or “turned away.”</p><p>Or “completely devoted to.”</p><p>Lit., “fully.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Col. 2:6, 7)</strong></a> Therefore, just as you have accepted Christ Jesus the Lord, go on walking in union with him, <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>being rooted and built up in him and being stabilized in the faith, just as you were taught, and overflowing with thanksgiving.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Col. 1:23)</strong></a> provided, of course, that you continue in the faith, established on the foundation and steadfast, not being shifted away from the hope of that good news that you heard and that was preached in all creation under heaven. Of this good news I, Paul, became a minister.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ps. 40:8)</strong></a> To do your will, O my God, is my delight,* And your law is deep within me.</p><p></p><p>Or “desire.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:97)</strong></a> How I do love your law! I ponder over* it all day long.</p><p></p><p>Or “study.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Titus 2:11, 12)</strong></a> For the undeserved kindness of God has been manifested, bringing salvation to all sorts of people. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>It trains us to reject ungodliness and worldly desires and to live with soundness of mind and righteousness and godly devotion amid this present system of things,*</p><p></p><p>Or “this present age.” See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
