<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, April 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p73" data-pid="73"><span id="page44" class="pageNum" data-no="44" data-before-text="44"></span>Monday, April 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p74" data-pid="74" class = "themeScrp"><em>I myself am the One comforting you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 51:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="p75">Our Father of tender mercies has himself experienced the loss of loved ones, such as Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Moses, and King David. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Num. 12:6-8;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Matt. 22:31, 32;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Acts 13:22</a>) God’s Word assures us that Jehovah has eagerly anticipated​—has had an earnest longing for—​the time when he will bring them back to life. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Job 14:14, 15</a>) They will be happy and in vibrant health. Consider, too, that God’s dearly beloved Son​—“the one he was especially fond of”—​died an agonizing death. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Prov. 8:22,</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 30</a>) Words cannot express the pain Jehovah must have suffered. (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">John 5:20;</a><span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9"> 10:17</a>) We can have unwavering confidence that Jehovah will act in our behalf. We should therefore not hesitate to pour out our hearts to him in prayer concerning our personal grief. How comforting it is to know that Jehovah understands our pain and provides the comfort that we so sorely need!​—<span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10">2 Cor. 1:3, 4</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>13 ¶3-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 16) </strong><span id="citationsource11"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation11">Matthew 28:1,</a></strong><span id="citationsource12"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted22.xhtml#citation12"> <strong>5-15</strong></a></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 51:12)</strong></a> “I myself am the One comforting you. Why should you be afraid of a mortal man who will die And of a son of man who will wither like green grass?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Num. 12:6-8)</strong></a> He then said: “Hear my words, please. If there was a prophet of Jehovah among you, I would make myself known to him in a vision, and I would speak to him in a dream. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>But it is not that way with my servant Moses! He is being entrusted with all my house.* <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Face-to-face* I speak to him, openly, not by riddles; and the appearance of Jehovah is what he sees. Why, then, did you not fear to speak against my servant, against Moses?”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “In all my house, he is proving himself faithful.”</p><p>Lit., “Mouth to mouth.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 22:31, 32)</strong></a> Regarding the resurrection of the dead, have you not read what was spoken to you by God, who said: <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>‘I am the God of Abraham and the God of Isaac and the God of Jacob’? He is the God, not of the dead, but of the living.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 13:22)</strong></a> After removing him, he raised up for them David as king, about whom he bore witness and said: ‘I have found David the son of Jesʹse a man agreeable to my heart; he will do all the things I desire.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Job 14:14, 15)</strong></a> If a man dies, can he live again? I will wait all the days of my compulsory service Until my relief comes. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>You will call, and I will answer you. You will long* for the work of your hands.</p><p></p><p>Or “yearn.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Prov. 8:22)</strong></a> Jehovah produced me as the beginning of his way, The earliest of his achievements of long ago.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Prov. 8:30)</strong></a> Then I was beside him as a master worker. I was the one he was especially fond of day by day; I rejoiced before him all the time;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(John 5:20)</strong></a> For the Father has affection for the Son and shows him all the things he himself does, and he will show him works greater than these, so that you may marvel.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(John 10:17)</strong></a> This is why the Father loves me, because I surrender my life, so that I may receive it again.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 1:3, 4)</strong></a> Praised be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of tender mercies and the God of all comfort, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>who comforts* us in all our trials* so that we may be able to comfort others in any sort of trial* with the comfort that we receive from God.</p><p></p><p>Or “encourages.”</p><p>Or “tribulation.”</p><p>Or “tribulation.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation11"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource11">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:1)</strong></a> After the Sabbath, when it was growing light on the first day of the week, Mary Magʹda·lene and the other Mary came to view the grave.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
