<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, April 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p45" data-pid="45">Monday, April 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class = "themeScrp"><em>By this the love of God was revealed in our case, that God sent his only-begotten Son into the world so that we might gain life through him.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 John 4:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p47" data-pid="47" class="p47">Jehovah deeply loves and values mankind. He was willing to use the blood of his Son to make possible our eternal salvation. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 3:16</a>) Were Jehovah to fail to fulfill his promises, the Devil would have an excuse to call God a liar who withholds good and thus rules in an unfair way. It would also vindicate opposers who mockingly ask: “Where is this promised presence of his? Why, from the day our forefathers fell asleep in death, all things are continuing exactly as they were from creation’s beginning.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Pet. 3:3, 4</a>) Hence, Jehovah will see to it that the vindication of his sovereignty includes the salvation of obedient humans! (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Isa. 55:10, 11</a>) Furthermore, Jehovah’s love characterizes his sovereignty. So we can be sure that he will always love, value, and appreciate his loyal servants.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ex. 34:6</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>23 ¶7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p48" data-pid="48" class="p48"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 9) </strong><span id="citationsource6"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted15.xhtml#citation6"><strong>Matthew 21:1-11,</strong></a><span id="citationsource7"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 14-17</a></strong></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 John 4:9)</strong></a> By this the love of God was revealed in our case, that God sent his only-begotten Son into the world so that we might gain life through him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 3:16)</strong></a> “For God loved the world so much that he gave his only-begotten Son, so that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 3:3, 4)</strong></a> First of all know this, that in the last days ridiculers will come with their ridicule, proceeding according to their own desires <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>and saying: “Where is this promised presence of his? Why, from the day our forefathers fell asleep in death, all things are continuing exactly as they were from creation’s beginning.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 55:10, 11)</strong></a> For just as the rain and the snow pour down from heaven And do not return there until they saturate the earth, making it produce and sprout, Giving seed to the sower and bread to the eater, <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>So my word that goes out of my mouth will be.* It will not return to me without results, But it will certainly accomplish whatever is my delight,* And it will have sure success in what I send it to do.</p><p></p><p>Or “will prove to be.”</p><p>Or “my will.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ex. 34:6)</strong></a> Jehovah was passing before him and declaring: “Jehovah, Jehovah, a God merciful and compassionate,* slow to anger and abundant in loyal love* and truth,*</p><p></p><p>Or “gracious.”</p><p>Or “loving-kindness.”</p><p>Or “faithfulness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Matt. 21:14-17)</strong></a> Also, blind and lame people came to him in the temple, and he cured them. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>When the chief priests and the scribes saw the marvelous things he did and the boys who were shouting in the temple, “Save, we pray, the Son of David!” they became indignant <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>and said to him: “Do you hear what these are saying?” Jesus said to them: “Yes. Did you never read this, ‘Out of the mouth of children and infants, you have brought forth praise’?” <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>And leaving them behind, he went out of the city to Bethʹa·ny and spent the night there.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
