<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, April 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Thursday, April 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class = "themeScrp"><em>The one who constructed all things is God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 3:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">Worldly thinking ignores or belittles Jehovah’s guidelines, and its influence could gradually weaken our faith. Today, we all are exposed to worldly thinking. It is promoted on television, on the Internet, at work, or at school. In many countries, it is not unusual to hear people say that they do not believe in God; they consider themselves to be nonreligious. They may not have examined the question of God’s existence carefully, but they are drawn to the idea of being free to do as they please. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 10:4</a>) Others may feel worldly-wise when they say, “I can have high principles without believing in God.” Is the claim of unbelievers that there is no Creator based on logical reasoning? When looking to science to determine whether life was created, a person can easily get lost in a fog of information. But in reality, the answer is simple. If a building needs someone to construct it, how much more so do living things! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>20-21 ¶2-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 3:4)</strong></a> Of course, every house is constructed by someone, but the one who constructed all things is God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 10:4)</strong></a> In his haughtiness, the wicked man makes no investigation; All his thoughts are: “There is no God.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
