<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, April 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29"><span id="page40" class="pageNum" data-no="40" data-before-text="40"></span>Wednesday, April 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class = "themeScrp"><em>A husband is head of his wife.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 5:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">What if you are a wife and you feel that your unbelieving husband does not treat you properly? Would you improve the situation by arguing about his behavior? Even if you succeed in making him do what you want, will you win him over to the truth? Not likely. But if you show respect for your husband’s headship, you can contribute to peace in the family, you will praise Jehovah, and you may even win your husband over to true worship; thus you both may gain the prize. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Pet. 3:1, 2</a>) What if you are a husband and you feel that your unbelieving wife does not respect you? Would you move her to show you more respect if you were to shout at her to show her who is boss? Absolutely not! God expects you to exercise headship lovingly, in imitation of Jesus. Jesus exercises his headship over his congregation with loving patience. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 9:46-48</a>) By imitating Jesus’ example, a husband may win his wife over to true worship. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>28-29 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:23)</strong></a> because a husband is head of his wife just as the Christ is head of the congregation, he being a savior of this body.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:1, 2)</strong></a> In the same way, you wives, be in subjection to your husbands, so that if any are not obedient to the word, they may be won without a word through the conduct of their wives, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>because of having been eyewitnesses of your chaste conduct together with deep respect.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 9:46-48)</strong></a> Then a dispute arose among them about which one of them was the greatest. <strong><sup>47 </sup></strong>Jesus, knowing the reasoning of their hearts, took a young child, stood him beside him, <strong><sup>48 </sup></strong>and said to them: “Whoever receives this young child on the basis of my name receives me also; and whoever receives me also receives the One who sent me. For the one who conducts himself as a lesser one among all of you is the one who is great.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
