<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, April 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Tuesday, April 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class = "themeScrp"><em>God is not unrighteous so as to forget your work and the love you showed for his name.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 6:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">Today, millions are moved from the heart to contribute their “valuable things,” which include their time, energy, and resources in support of Jehovah’s great spiritual temple. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 3:9</a>) The work and the love we show for Jehovah will never be forgotten by him. All that has been accomplished for true worship in these last days is tangible evidence of Jehovah’s blessing and Christ’s leadership. We are part of a stable, secure, and everlasting organization. Cherish your place among Jehovah’s people, and “do not fail to listen to the voice of Jehovah your God.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Zech. 6:15</a>) Then you can remain under the protection of our King and High Priest. Have as full a share as possible in supporting true worship. As you do so, you can be certain that Jehovah of armies will keep you safe and secure during the remainder of this system of things​—and for eternity! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>30 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 6:10)</strong></a> For God is not unrighteous so as to forget your work and the love you showed for his name by ministering and continuing to minister to the holy ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 3:9)</strong></a> Honor Jehovah with your valuable things, With the firstfruits* of all your produce;*</p><p></p><p>Or “very best.”</p><p>Or “income.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Zech. 6:15)</strong></a> And those who are far away will come and take part in building the temple of Jehovah.” And you will have to know that Jehovah of armies has sent me to you. And it will occur—if you do not fail to listen to the voice of Jehovah your God.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
