<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, April 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Wednesday, April 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class = "themeScrp"><em>Make friends for yourselves by means of the unrighteous riches, so that when such fail, they may receive you into the everlasting dwelling places.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 16:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">In the near future, Satan’s entire system​—political, religious, and commercial—​is destined to fail. The prophets Ezekiel and Zephaniah foretold that gold and silver, staples of the commercial world through the centuries, will become worthless. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ezek. 7:19;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Zeph. 1:18</a>) How would we feel if we reached the end of our life in this world and realized that we had sacrificed true riches for a vast store of this world’s “unrighteous riches”? We could feel like a man who has worked all his life for a pile of money, only to learn that it is counterfeit. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Prov. 18:11</a>) Yes, such riches <em>will </em>ultimately fail, so do not lose the opportunity to use them to “make friends” in heaven. Whatever we do to advance the interests of Jehovah’s Kingdom makes us spiritually rich. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>11 ¶16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 16:9)</strong></a> “Also, I say to you: Make friends for yourselves by means of the unrighteous riches, so that when such fail, they may receive you into the everlasting dwelling places.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ezek. 7:19)</strong></a> “‘They will throw their silver into the streets, and their gold will become abhorrent to them. Neither their silver nor their gold will be able to save them in the day of Jehovah’s fury. They* will not be satisfied, nor will they fill their stomachs, for it* has become a stumbling block causing their error.</p><p></p><p>Or “Their souls.”</p><p>That is, their silver and their gold.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Zeph. 1:18)</strong></a> Neither their silver nor their gold will be able to save them in the day of Jehovah’s fury; For by the fire of his zeal the whole earth will be consumed, Because he will make an extermination, indeed a terrible one, of all the inhabitants of the earth.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 18:11)</strong></a> The wealth of the rich is his fortified city; It is like a protective wall in his imagination.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
