<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, April 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83"><span id="page45" class="pageNum" data-no="45" data-before-text="45"></span>Thursday, April 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class = "themeScrp"><em>Become imitators of God, as beloved children, and go on walking in love, just as the Christ also loved us and gave himself for us.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 5:1, 2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">Some Christians who have committed a serious sin try to cover it over in order to avoid embarrassing themselves or disappointing others. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 28:13</a>) Yet, such a course is unloving, for it harms not only the sinner but also others. It can hinder the flow of God’s spirit and threaten the peace of the entire congregation. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eph. 4:30</a>) Genuine love moves Christians who have committed serious sins to speak to the elders so that the elders can provide the needed help. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Jas. 5:14, 15</a>) Love is the greatest of all qualities. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Cor. 13:13</a>) It identifies us as Jesus’ followers and as imitators of Jehovah, the Source of love. “If I . . . do not have love,” wrote Paul, “I am nothing.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">1 Cor. 13:2</a>) May we continue to show our love not just “in word” but also “in deed and truth.”​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">1 John 3:18</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>11 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:1, 2)</strong></a> Therefore, become imitators of God, as beloved children, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>and go on walking in love, just as the Christ also loved us* and gave himself for us* as an offering and a sacrifice, a sweet fragrance to God.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “you.”</p><p>Or possibly, “you.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 28:13)</strong></a> The one covering over his transgressions will not succeed, But whoever confesses and abandons them will be shown mercy.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:30)</strong></a> Also, do not be grieving* God’s holy spirit, with which you have been sealed for a day of releasing by ransom.</p><p></p><p>Or “cause sorrow to.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Jas. 5:14, 15)</strong></a> Is there anyone sick among you? Let him call the elders of the congregation to him, and let them pray over him, applying oil to him in the name of Jehovah.* <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>And the prayer of faith will make the sick one* well, and Jehovah* will raise him up. Also, if he has committed sins, he will be forgiven.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Or possibly, “tired one.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 13:13)</strong></a> Now, however, these three remain: faith, hope, love; but the greatest of these is love.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 13:2)</strong></a> And if I have the gift of prophecy and understand all the sacred secrets and all knowledge, and if I have all the faith so as to move* mountains, but do not have love, I am nothing.*</p><p></p><p>Or “transplant.”</p><p>Or “useless.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(1 John 3:18)</strong></a> Little children, we should love, not in word or with the tongue, but in deed and truth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
