<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, April 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Saturday, April 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class = "themeScrp"><em>Keep proclaiming the death of the Lord, until he comes.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 11:26</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">Regarding the great tribulation just ahead of us, Jesus said: “They will see <em>the Son of man coming </em>on the clouds of heaven with power and great glory. And [Jesus] will send out his angels with a great trumpet sound, and they will gather his chosen ones together.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 24:29-31</a>) This ‘gathering of chosen ones’ refers to the time when all anointed Christians who still remain on earth will receive their heavenly reward. It will happen after the initial part of the great tribulation has passed but before the battle of Armageddon. Then all of the 144,000 will share with Jesus in conquering the kings of the earth. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rev. 17:12-14</a>) The last Memorial that is observed prior to this gathering of the anointed to heaven will be the final one, for Jesus will have ‘come.’ <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>16 ¶15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p68" data-pid="68" class="p68"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 14) </strong><span id="citationsource4"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matthew 27:1, 2,</a></strong><span id="citationsource5"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted20.xhtml#citation5"> <strong>27-37</strong></a></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 11:26)</strong></a> For whenever you eat this loaf and drink this cup, you keep proclaiming the death of the Lord, until he comes.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:29-31)</strong></a> “Immediately after the tribulation of those days, the sun will be darkened, and the moon will not give its light, and the stars will fall from heaven, and the powers of the heavens will be shaken. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>Then the sign of the Son of man will appear in heaven, and all the tribes of the earth will beat themselves in grief, and they will see the Son of man coming on the clouds of heaven with power and great glory.* <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>And he will send out his angels with a great trumpet sound, and they will gather his chosen ones together from the four winds, from one extremity of the heavens to their other extremity.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “with great power and glory.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 17:12-14)</strong></a> “The ten horns that you saw mean ten kings who have not yet received a kingdom, but they do receive authority as kings for one hour with the wild beast. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>These have one thought, so they give their power and authority to the wild beast. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>These will battle with the Lamb, but because he is Lord of lords and King of kings, the Lamb will conquer them. Also, those with him who are called and chosen and faithful will do so.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 27:1, 2)</strong></a> When morning came, all the chief priests and the elders of the people consulted together against Jesus to put him to death. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>After binding him, they led him off and handed him over to Pilate, the governor.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
