<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, April 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p95" data-pid="95">Monday, April 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p96" data-pid="96" class = "themeScrp"><em>God is not partial.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 10:34</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p97" data-pid="97" class="p97">Over time, languages tend to change. Words and expressions may come to mean something completely different. The same is true of Hebrew and Greek, the languages that most of the Bible was written in. Modern Hebrew and Greek are quite different from those languages back in Bible times. So virtually everyone who wants to understand God’s Word must read a translation of it​—even those who know modern-day Hebrew or Greek. Some have felt that they should learn ancient Hebrew and Greek so that they could read the Bible in the original languages. That, however, may not be as profitable as they imagine. Thankfully, the Bible or portions of it have now been translated into nearly 3,000 languages. Clearly, Jehovah wants people of “every nation and tribe and language” to have the opportunity to benefit from his Word. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rev. 14:6</a>, ftn.) Does that not draw you even closer to our loving and impartial God? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>19 ¶4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 10:34)</strong></a> At this Peter began to speak, and he said: “Now I truly understand that God is not partial,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 14:6)</strong></a> And I saw another angel flying in midheaven,* and he had everlasting good news to declare to those who dwell on the earth, to every nation and tribe and tongue* and people.</p><p></p><p>Or “in midair; overhead.”</p><p>Or “language.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
