<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, April 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019013"><header>
<h2 id="p57" data-pid="57">Thursday, April 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class = "themeScrp"><em>I make request . . . concerning those putting faith in me through their word, so that they may all be one, just as you, Father, are in union with me.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 17:20, 21</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p59" data-pid="59" class="p59">On the night of the first Lord’s Evening Meal, Jesus prayed that his followers would all be united and that they would enjoy the same unity that he and his Father treasure. Jehovah has indeed answered that prayer of his dear Son, and now millions believe that Jehovah sent his Son. The Memorial, like no other meeting of God’s people, provides undeniable evidence of the unity of Jehovah’s Witnesses. In some areas, the gathering of different races at a religious meeting is unheard of or is looked down on by others. But such unity is beautiful in the eyes of Jehovah and Jesus! As Jehovah’s people, we are not surprised at the unity we enjoy. Jehovah, in fact, foretold it.​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ezek. 37:15-17;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Zech. 8:23</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019013-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>14 ¶7-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="p60"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 12) </strong><span id="citationsource4"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matthew 26:1-5,</a></strong><span id="citationsource5"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 14-16;</a></strong><span id="citationsource6"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Luke 22:1-6</a></strong></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 17:20, 21)</strong></a> “I make request, not concerning these only, but also concerning those putting faith in me through their word, <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>so that they may all be one, just as you, Father, are in union with me and I am in union with you, that they also may be in union with us, so that the world may believe that you sent me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ezek. 37:15-17)</strong></a> The word of Jehovah again came to me, saying: <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>“And you, son of man, take a stick and write on it, ‘For Judah and for the people of Israel who are with him.’* Then take another stick and write on it, ‘For Joseph, the stick of Eʹphra·im, and all the house of Israel who are with him.’* <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Then bring them close to each other so that they become just one stick in your hand.</p><p></p><p>Or “who are his partners.”</p><p>Or “who are his partners.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Zech. 8:23)</strong></a> “This is what Jehovah of armies says, ‘In those days ten men out of all the languages of the nations will take hold, yes, they will take firm hold of the robe* of a Jew,* saying: “We want to go with you, for we have heard that God is with you people.”’”</p><p></p><p>Or “extremity of the garment.”</p><p>Lit., “a Jewish man.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:1-5)</strong></a> Now when Jesus had finished saying all these things, he said to his disciples: <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>“You know that two days from now the Passover takes place, and the Son of man will be handed over to be executed on the stake.” <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Then the chief priests and the elders of the people gathered in the courtyard of the high priest, who was named Caʹia·phas, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>and they conspired together to seize* Jesus by cunning* and to kill him. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>However, they were saying: “Not at the festival, so that there may not be an uproar among the people.”</p><p></p><p>Or “arrest.”</p><p>Or “deceit; craftiness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:14-16)</strong></a> Then one of the Twelve, the one called Judas Is·carʹi·ot, went to the chief priests <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>and said: “What will you give me to betray him to you?” They stipulated to him 30 silver pieces. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>So from then on, he kept looking for a good opportunity to betray him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Luke 22:1-6)</strong></a> Now the Festival of the Unleavened Bread, which is called Passover, was getting near. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>And the chief priests and the scribes were looking for an effective way to get rid of him, because they were afraid of the people. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Then Satan entered into Judas, the one called Is·carʹi·ot, who was numbered among the Twelve, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>and he went off and talked with the chief priests and temple captains about how to betray him to them. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>They were delighted at this and agreed to give him silver money. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>So he consented and began looking for a good opportunity to betray him to them without a crowd around.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
