<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, May 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47"><span id="page52" class="pageNum" data-no="52" data-before-text="52"></span>Thursday, May 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class = "themeScrp"><em>Do not think I came to bring peace to the earth; I came to bring, not peace, but a sword.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 10:34</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">We all want peaceful lives, free from anxiety. How thankful we are that Jehovah grants us “the peace of God,” an inner calm that can protect us from disturbing thoughts and feelings! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Phil. 4:6, 7</a>) Because of our dedication to Jehovah, we also enjoy “peace <em>with </em>God,” a good relationship with him. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 5:1</a>) However, God’s time to bring about complete peace has not yet come. These critical last days are filled with conflict, and countless people have contentious attitudes. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Tim. 3:1-4</a>) As Christians, we must wage a spiritual war against Satan and the false teachings that he promotes. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Cor. 10:4, 5</a>) But the greatest threat to our peace may come from unbelieving relatives. Some might ridicule our beliefs, accuse us of dividing the family, or threaten to disown us unless we give up our faith. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>12 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 10:34)</strong></a> Do not think I came to bring peace to the earth; I came to bring, not peace, but a sword.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:6, 7)</strong></a> Do not be anxious over anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication along with thanksgiving, let your petitions be made known to God; <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>and the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and your mental powers* by means of Christ Jesus.</p><p></p><p>Or “your minds; your thoughts.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 5:1)</strong></a> Therefore, now that we have been declared righteous as a result of faith, let us enjoy peace* with God through our Lord Jesus Christ,</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “we have peace.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:1-4)</strong></a> But know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, disloyal, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>having no natural affection, not open to any agreement, slanderers, without self-control, fierce, without love of goodness, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>betrayers, headstrong, puffed up with pride, lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 10:4, 5)</strong></a> For the weapons of our warfare are not fleshly, but powerful by God for overturning strongly entrenched things. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>For we are overturning reasonings and every lofty thing raised up against the knowledge of God, and we are bringing every thought into captivity to make it obedient to the Christ;</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
