<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, May 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Thursday, May 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class = "themeScrp"><em>I, Daniel, discerned by the books the number of years.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Dan. 9:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">How did Daniel come to know Jehovah? He was evidently well-instructed by his parents, who taught him to love Jehovah and his written Word. Moreover, that love stayed with Daniel all his life. Even in his old age, we find him poring over the Scriptures. Daniel’s intimate knowledge of God, including God’s dealings with Israel, is beautifully reflected in the prophet’s heartfelt and contrite prayer recorded at <span id="citationsource2"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted2.xhtml#citation2">Daniel 9:3-19</a>. Why not take a few moments to read that prayer and meditate on it? For a faithful Jew, life in pagan Babylon presented big challenges. For instance, Jehovah told the Jews: “Seek the peace of the city to which I have exiled you.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Jer. 29:7</a>) Yet, at the same time, he required their exclusive devotion. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ex. 34:14</a>) What enabled Daniel to balance the two requirements? Godly wisdom helped him to grasp the principle of relative subjection to secular authorities. Centuries later, Jesus taught the very same principle.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Luke 20:25</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>10 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Dan. 9:2)</strong></a> in the first year of his reign I, Daniel, discerned by the books* the number of years mentioned in the word of Jehovah to Jeremiah the prophet to fulfill the desolation of Jerusalem, namely, 70 years.</p><p></p><p>That is, the sacred books.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jer. 29:7)</strong></a> And seek the peace of the city to which I have exiled you, and pray in its behalf to Jehovah, for in its peace you will have peace.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ex. 34:14)</strong></a> You must not bow down to another god, for Jehovah is known for* requiring exclusive devotion.* Yes, he is a God who requires exclusive devotion.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “Jehovah, his name is.”</p><p>Or “not tolerating rivals.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Luke 20:25)</strong></a> He said to them: “By all means, then, pay back Caesar’s things to Caesar but God’s things to God.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
