<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, May 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38"><span id="page51" class="pageNum" data-no="51" data-before-text="51"></span>Monday, May 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class = "themeScrp"><em>Miserable man that I am!​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 7:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">Many of God’s faithful servants have echoed those words of the apostle Paul. We all suffer from inherited sin, and when our actions do not reflect our keen desire to please Jehovah, we may feel miserable. Some Christians who have committed a serious sin have even felt that they are beyond God’s forgiveness. Nevertheless, the Scriptures assure us that those who take refuge in Jehovah do not need to feel overwhelmed by guilt. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 34:22</a>) After Paul expressed his misery for failing to obey Jehovah perfectly, he exclaimed: “Thanks to God through Jesus Christ our Lord!” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 7:25</a>) Yes, despite his struggle with sin and his past wrongdoing​—for which he had repented—​Paul was confident in God’s forgiveness through Jesus. As our Ransomer, Jesus cleanses our consciences and gives us inner peace. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Heb. 9:13, 14</a>) As our High Priest, “he is able also to save completely those who are approaching God through him, because he is always alive to plead for them.”​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Heb. 7:24, 25</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>8 ¶1-2;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation2"> 12 ¶15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 7:24)</strong></a> Miserable man that I am! Who will rescue me from the body undergoing this death?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 34:22)</strong></a> Jehovah is redeeming the life* of his servants; None of those taking refuge in him will be found guilty.</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 7:25)</strong></a> Thanks to God through Jesus Christ our Lord! So, then, with my mind I myself am a slave to God’s law, but with my flesh to sin’s law.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 9:13, 14)</strong></a> For if the blood of goats and of bulls and the ashes of a heifer* sprinkled on those who have been defiled sanctifies for the cleansing of the flesh, <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>how much more will the blood of the Christ, who through an everlasting spirit offered himself without blemish to God, cleanse our consciences from dead works so that we may render sacred service to the living God?</p><p></p><p>Or “young cow.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Heb. 7:24, 25)</strong></a> but because he continues alive forever, his priesthood has no successors. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>So he is able also to save completely those who are approaching God through him, because he is always alive to plead for them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
