<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, May 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83"><span id="page56" class="pageNum" data-no="56" data-before-text="56"></span>Tuesday, May 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class = "themeScrp"><em>God is really among you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 14:25</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">We want to help suffering people, including those who are not Witnesses. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 10:33-37</a>) The best way to do so is by sharing the good news with them. “It is important to make clear right away that we are Jehovah’s Witnesses and that our primary mission is to help them spiritually, not materially,” notes an elder who has helped many refugees. “Otherwise, some may associate with us only for personal advantage.” Showing Christian love to “foreign residents” brings good results. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 146:9</a>) A Christian sister related that her family fled the persecution in Eritrea. After four of her children made an exhausting eight-day journey across the desert, they arrived in Sudan. She said: “The brothers there treated them like close relatives, providing food, clothes, shelter, and transportation. Who else would welcome strangers into their home just because they worship the same God? Only Jehovah’s Witnesses!”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">John 13:35</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>7 ¶17,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation2"> 19-20</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 14:25)</strong></a> The secrets of his heart then become evident, so that he will fall facedown and worship God, declaring: “God is really among you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 10:33-37)</strong></a> But a certain Sa·marʹi·tan traveling the road came upon him, and at seeing him, he was moved with pity. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>So he approached him and bandaged his wounds, pouring oil and wine on them. Then he mounted him on his own animal and brought him to an inn and took care of him. <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>The next day he took out two de·narʹi·i, gave them to the innkeeper, and said: ‘Take care of him, and whatever you spend besides this, I will repay you when I return.’ <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>Who of these three seems to you to have made himself neighbor to the man who fell victim to the robbers?” <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>He said: “The one who acted mercifully toward him.” Jesus then said to him: “Go and do the same yourself.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 146:9)</strong></a> Jehovah is protecting the foreign residents; He sustains the fatherless child and the widow, But he thwarts the plans of the wicked.*</p><p></p><p>Or “makes the way of the wicked crooked.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 13:35)</strong></a> By this all will know that you are my disciples—if you have love among yourselves.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
