<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, May 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Sunday, May 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class = "themeScrp"><em>My servants will shout joyfully because of the good condition of the heart, but you will cry out because of the pain of heart.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 65:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">Many religions turn people away from God by teaching hellfire, collecting tithes, or preaching politics. No wonder an increasing number of people feel that they can be happy without religion! Certainly an individual can be happy without <em>false </em>religion, but a person cannot be truly happy unless he has a relationship with Jehovah, who is described as “the happy God.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Tim. 1:11</a>) Everything God does benefits others. His servants are happy because they focus on helping others. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 20:35</a>) For example, consider how true worship promotes family happiness. True worship teaches us to honor and respect our spouse, to treat marriage vows as sacred, to avoid adultery, to raise respectful children, and to practice true love. As a result, such worship unites people in happy congregations and a happy worldwide brotherhood. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>21 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 65:14)</strong></a> Look! My servants will shout joyfully because of the good condition of the heart, But you will cry out because of the pain of heart And you will wail because of a broken spirit.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 1:11)</strong></a> according to the glorious good news of the happy God, with which I was entrusted.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 20:35)</strong></a> I have shown you in all things that by working hard in this way, you must assist those who are weak and must keep in mind the words of the Lord Jesus, when he himself said: ‘There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
