<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, May 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Tuesday, May 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class = "themeScrp"><em>Jehovah is waiting patiently.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 30:18</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">Jehovah does not expect us to do something that he is not willing to do himself. He has set the supreme example of being willing to wait. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Pet. 3:9</a>) Jehovah has been waiting patiently for thousands of years so that the moral issues raised in the garden of Eden could eventually be settled beyond a doubt. He is “waiting patiently” and “keeping in expectation” of the time when his name will be fully sanctified. This will result in unimaginable blessings for those who are “eagerly waiting for him.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 30:18</a>; ftn.) Jesus likewise has been willing to wait. Although he passed the test of integrity here on earth and presented the value of his ransom sacrifice in 33 C.E., he had to wait until 1914 before commencing his rule. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 2:33-35;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Heb. 10:12, 13</a>) It will not be until the end of his Thousand Year Reign that all his enemies will be completely destroyed. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">1 Cor. 15:25</a>) But we can be sure that the wait will be worth it. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>7 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 30:18)</strong></a> But Jehovah is waiting patiently* to show you favor, And he will rise up to show you mercy. For Jehovah is a God of justice. Happy are all those keeping in expectation of* him.</p><p></p><p>Or “keeping in expectation.”</p><p>Or “eagerly waiting for.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 3:9)</strong></a> Jehovah* is not slow concerning his promise, as some people consider slowness, but he is patient with you because he does not desire anyone to be destroyed but desires all to attain to repentance.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 30:18)</strong></a> But Jehovah is waiting patiently* to show you favor, And he will rise up to show you mercy. For Jehovah is a God of justice. Happy are all those keeping in expectation of* him.</p><p></p><p>Or “keeping in expectation.”</p><p>Or “eagerly waiting for.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 2:33-35)</strong></a> Therefore, because he was exalted to* the right hand of God and received the promised holy spirit from the Father, he has poured out what you see and hear. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>For David did not ascend to the heavens, but he himself says, ‘Jehovah said to my Lord: “Sit at my right hand <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>until I place your enemies as a stool for your feet.”’</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “by.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:12, 13)</strong></a> But this man offered one sacrifice for sins for all time and sat down at the right hand of God, <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>from then on waiting until his enemies should be placed as a stool for his feet.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:25)</strong></a> For he must rule as king until God has put all enemies under his feet.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
