<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, May 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65"><span id="page54" class="pageNum" data-no="54" data-before-text="54"></span>Wednesday, May 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class = "themeScrp"><em>God . . . comforts us in all our trials.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Cor. 1:3, 4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">“For almost a year after the death of our son, we felt deep and excruciating pain,” said Susi. Another Christian said that when his wife died suddenly, he experienced “indescribable physical pain.” Sadly, countless others experience this kind of agony. Many in the Christian congregation may not have expected their loved ones to die this side of Armageddon. Whether you have personally lost a loved one in death or know someone who is bereaved, you may wonder, ‘How can grieving ones be helped to deal with their heartache?’ Perhaps you have heard it said that time is a great healer. However, does it really follow that time by itself will heal a broken heart? One widow observed, “I have found it more accurate to say that it is what one does with one’s time that helps one to heal.” Yes, like a physical wound, the pain of an emotional wound may gradually ease over time if it is given tender care. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>12-13 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 1:3, 4)</strong></a> Praised be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of tender mercies and the God of all comfort, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>who comforts* us in all our trials* so that we may be able to comfort others in any sort of trial* with the comfort that we receive from God.</p><p></p><p>Or “encourages.”</p><p>Or “tribulation.”</p><p>Or “tribulation.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
