<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, May 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Saturday, May 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class = "themeScrp"><em>You have left the love you had at first.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rev. 2:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">Perhaps you have seen some youths get baptized but later question the wisdom of living by God’s standards. A number have even left the way of the truth. Hence, you might worry that your child will start out on the Christian course but then change and lose that original love of the truth. How can you try to avoid such an outcome and help your child to “grow to salvation”? (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Pet. 2:2</a>) The answer lies in what Paul wrote to Timothy: “Continue in the things that you learned and were persuaded to believe, knowing from whom you learned them and that from infancy you have known the holy writings [the Hebrew Scriptures], which are able to make you wise for salvation through faith in Christ Jesus.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Tim. 3:14, 15</a>) Note that Paul mentions (1) <em>knowing </em>the holy writings, (2) <em>being persuaded to believe </em>the things learned, and (3) <em>becoming wise for salvation </em>through faith in Christ Jesus. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.12 </em>18-19 ¶2-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rev. 2:4)</strong></a> Nevertheless, I hold this against you, that you have left the love you had at first.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:2)</strong></a> As newborn infants, form a longing for the unadulterated* milk of the word, so that by means of it you may grow to salvation,</p><p></p><p>Or “pure.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:14, 15)</strong></a> You, however, continue in the things that you learned and were persuaded to believe, knowing from whom you learned them <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>and that from infancy you have known the holy writings, which are able to make you wise for salvation through faith in Christ Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
