<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, May 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71">Friday, May 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class = "themeScrp"><em>Jehovah will not hold back anything good from those walking in integrity.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 84:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">God treats his human servants with dignity and respect. He cares for us better than we can care for ourselves. Jehovah’s concern extends beyond the welfare of his people as a whole. He also shows keen interest in each individual. Consider, for example, the three centuries during which Jehovah was raising up and empowering judges to deliver the nation of Israel from their oppressors. During that turbulent period, he did not fail to notice one non-Israelite named Ruth. At considerable sacrifice, she converted to true worship. Jehovah blessed Ruth with a husband and a son. But that is not all. When she is resurrected, Ruth will learn that her son was part of the line that led to the Messiah. And imagine how moved she will be to discover that her life story was preserved in a Bible book bearing her name!​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ruth 4:13;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Matt. 1:5,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 16</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>28-29 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 84:11)</strong></a> For Jehovah God is a sun and a shield; He gives favor and glory. Jehovah will not hold back anything good From those walking in integrity.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ruth 4:13)</strong></a> So Boʹaz took Ruth and she became his wife. He had relations with her, and Jehovah let her conceive and she gave birth to a son.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 1:5)</strong></a> Salʹmon became father to Boʹaz by Raʹhab; Boʹaz became father to Oʹbed by Ruth; Oʹbed became father to Jesʹse;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 1:16)</strong></a> Jacob became father to Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom Jesus was born, who is called Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
