<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, May 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Wednesday, May 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class = "themeScrp"><em>You have not spoken the truth about me as my servant Job has.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Job 42:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">“Can a man be of use to God? Can anyone with insight be of benefit to him? Does the Almighty care that you are righteous, or does he gain anything because you follow the course of integrity?” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Job 22:1-3</a>) Have you ever wondered about the answers to questions such as these? When Eliphaz the Temanite first posed them to Job, Eliphaz no doubt believed that the answer was no. His associate, Bildad the Shuhite, even argued that a righteous standing before God is not possible for humans. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Job 25:4</a>) These false comforters claimed that our efforts to serve Jehovah loyally are of no benefit to him at all, that our value to God is no more than that of a moth, a maggot, or a worm. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Job 4:19;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 25:6</a>) Jehovah made his feelings known when he reproved Eliphaz, Bildad, and Zophar for speaking falsehood but took delight in Job, referring to him as “my servant.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Job 42:7</a>) Thus, a person can indeed “be of use to God.” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>28 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Job 42:8)</strong></a> Now take seven bulls and seven rams and go to my servant Job, and offer up a burnt sacrifice for yourselves. And my servant Job will pray for you. I will surely accept his request* not to deal with you according to your foolishness, for you have not spoken the truth about me as my servant Job has.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “Surely I will lift up his face.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Job 22:1-3)</strong></a> Elʹi·phaz the Teʹman·ite said in reply:  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>“Can a man be of use to God? Can anyone with insight be of benefit to him?  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Does the Almighty care* that you are righteous, Or does he gain anything because you follow the course of integrity?</p><p></p><p>Or “Does it delight the Almighty.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Job 25:4)</strong></a> So how can mortal man be righteous before God, Or how can one born of a woman be innocent?*</p><p></p><p>Or “pure.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Job 4:19)</strong></a> How much more so with those dwelling in houses of clay, Whose foundation is in the dust, Who are crushed as easily as a moth!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Job 25:6)</strong></a> How much less so mortal man, who is a maggot, And a son of man, who is a worm!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Job 42:7)</strong></a> After Jehovah had spoken these words to Job, Jehovah said to Elʹi·phaz the Teʹman·ite: “My anger burns against you and your two companions, for you have not spoken the truth about me as my servant Job has.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
