<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, May 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Sunday, May 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class = "themeScrp"><em>Those who </em>[<em>marry</em>] <em>will have tribulation in their flesh.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 7:28</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">New anxieties often surface after a wife announces to her husband, “We are going to have a baby.” Usually, a couple’s joy over their prospective child is tinged with some apprehension about medical issues that may arise during the pregnancy or later. And there will be an economic impact to consider, both immediate and long-term. More adjustments become necessary when the baby arrives. The new mother’s time and attention may be focused on caring for her child. Many a husband has felt left out because his wife is occupied with her duties toward their baby. On the other hand, a new father has new responsibilities to shoulder. His duties increase because he has a new family member to care for and provide for. A different sort of tribulation confronts some married couples. They desperately want children but remain childless. When the wife does not become pregnant, she may feel much emotional distress. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>4 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation2"> 5 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:28)</strong></a> But even if you did marry, you would commit no sin. And if a virgin married, such a person would commit no sin. However, those who do will have tribulation in their flesh. But I am trying to spare you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
