<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, May 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Friday, May 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class = "themeScrp"><em>How I do love your law! I ponder over it all day long.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 119:97</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">The reality that languages change over time also applies to the languages into which the Bible has been translated. A Bible translation that was easily understood when first produced may later become less effective. Consider an example involving a Bible translation into English. The <em>King James Version </em>was first produced in 1611. It became one of the most popular English Bibles, and it would come to have a significant impact on the English language. Even so, much of the wording in the <em>King James Version </em>became archaic over the centuries. The same is true of early Bible translations in other languages. Are we not grateful, then, to have the modern-language <em>New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures? </em>This translation is available in whole or in part in over 150 languages, thus being available to a vast part of the population today. Its clear wording allows the message of God’s Word to reach our heart. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>19 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:97)</strong></a> How I do love your law! I ponder over* it all day long.</p><p></p><p>Or “study.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
