<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, May 31
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p92" data-pid="92"><span id="page57" class="pageNum" data-no="57" data-before-text="57"></span>Friday, May 31</h2>
</header>
<p id="p93" data-pid="93" class = "themeScrp"><em>We all make mistakes many times.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jas. 3:2</a></em><em>, ftn.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p94" data-pid="94" class="p94">We may readily acknowledge this fact, but the challenge is when we are personally affected by the imperfections of a brother. In such a situation, will we reflect Jehovah’s view of justice? For example, how will you respond if an elder makes a remark that hints at a degree of prejudice? Will you allow yourself to be stumbled if an elder thoughtlessly makes a statement that offends or hurts you? Rather than quickly concluding that the brother no longer qualifies as an elder, will you patiently wait on Jesus, the head of the congregation? Will you put forth the effort to see the bigger picture, perhaps reflecting on the brother’s many years of faithful service? If a brother who sins against you continues to serve as an elder or even receives additional privileges, will you rejoice with him? Your willingness to forgive may well reflect Jehovah’s view of justice.​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 6:14, 15</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>27 ¶18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p95" data-pid="95" class="p95"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jas. 3:2)</strong></a> For we all stumble* many times. If anyone does not stumble in word, he is a perfect man, able to bridle also his whole body.</p><p></p><p>Or “make mistakes.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:14, 15)</strong></a> “For if you forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you; <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>whereas if you do not forgive men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
