<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, May 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8">Friday, May 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class = "themeScrp"><em>Put a mark on the foreheads of the men.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ezek. 9:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">Are you dealing with trials, such as ill health, financial problems, or persecution? Do you at times find it hard to maintain your joy in Jehovah’s service? If so, take courage from the examples of Noah, Daniel, and Job. They were imperfect, and they faced many of the challenges we face, including some that were life threatening. Yet, they held on to their integrity, becoming models of faith and obedience in the eyes of God. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ezek. 14:12-14</a>) Ezekiel wrote the words of our text in Babylonia in 612 B.C.E. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ezek. 1:1;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 8:1</a>) Apostate Jerusalem was nearing its foretold destruction, which occurred in 607 B.C.E. Only relatively few individuals reflected the qualities of Noah, Daniel, and Job and were thus marked for survival. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ezek. 9:1-5</a>) Likewise today, only those whom Jehovah considers blameless like them will be marked for survival when the present system of things comes to an end.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Rev. 7:9,</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 14</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>3-4 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ezek. 9:4)</strong></a> Jehovah said to him: “Go through the city, through Jerusalem, and put a mark on the foreheads of the men who are sighing and groaning over all the detestable things that are being done in the city.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ezek. 14:12-14)</strong></a> And the word of Jehovah again came to me, saying: <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>“Son of man, if a land sins against me by acting unfaithfully, I will stretch out my hand against it and destroy its food supply,* and I will send famine upon it and cut off man and animal from it.” <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>“‘Even if these three men—Noah, Daniel, and Job—were within it, they would be able to save only themselves* because of their righteousness,’ declares the Sovereign Lord Jehovah.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “break its bread rods.” Possibly referring to rods used for storing bread.</p><p>Or “their soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ezek. 1:1)</strong></a> In the 30th year, on the fifth day of the fourth month, while I was among the exiled people by the river Cheʹbar, the heavens were opened and I began to see visions of God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ezek. 8:1)</strong></a> And in the sixth year, in the sixth month, on the fifth day of the month, when I was sitting in my house and the elders of Judah were sitting before me, the hand of the Sovereign Lord Jehovah took hold of me there.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ezek. 9:1-5)</strong></a> He then called out in my ears with a loud voice, saying: “Summon those who will bring punishment on the city, each one with his weapon for destruction in his hand!” <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>I saw six men coming from the direction of the upper gate that faces north, each with his weapon for smashing in his hand; and there was one man among them clothed in linen, with a secretary’s inkhorn* at his waist, and they came in and stood beside the copper altar. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Then the glory of the God of Israel rose from where it had rested above the cherubs and moved to the threshold of the doorway of the house, and he began calling out to the man who was clothed in linen, at whose waist was the secretary’s inkhorn. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Jehovah said to him: “Go through the city, through Jerusalem, and put a mark on the foreheads of the men who are sighing and groaning over all the detestable things that are being done in the city.” <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>And to the others he said in my hearing: “Go through the city after him and strike. Do not let your eye feel sorry, and do not feel any compassion.</p><p></p><p>Or “a scribe’s ink holder.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:9)</strong></a> After this I saw, and look! a great crowd, which no man was able to number, out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues,* standing before the throne and before the Lamb, dressed in white robes; and there were palm branches in their hands.</p><p></p><p>Or “languages.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:14)</strong></a> So right away I said to him: “My lord, you are the one who knows.” And he said to me: “These are the ones who come out of the great tribulation, and they have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
