<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, May 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74"><span id="page55" class="pageNum" data-no="55" data-before-text="55"></span>Saturday, May 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class = "themeScrp"><em>The holy spirit . . . will . . . bring back to your minds all the things I told you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 14:26</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">In 1970, a brother named Peter was 19 years old and had recently begun serving at Bethel in Britain. While preaching from door to door, he met a bearded middle-aged man. Peter asked the man if he would like to understand the Bible. Somewhat shocked, the man responded that this was a house of Jewish rabbis. To test Peter, the rabbi asked, “So, my boy, what language was the book of Daniel written in?” Peter replied, “Part of it was written in Aramaic.” “The rabbi,” Peter recalls, “was surprised that I knew the answer​—but not as surprised as I was! How did I know the answer? When I went home and checked the <em>Watchtower </em>and <em>Awake! </em>magazines from the previous months, I found an article explaining that Daniel was written in Aramaic.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Dan. 2:4</a>, ftn.) Yes, the holy spirit can bring back to our mind thoughts we previously read.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 12:11, 12;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 21:13-15</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>13 ¶17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 14:26)</strong></a> But the helper, the holy spirit, which the Father will send in my name, that one will teach you all things and bring back to your minds all the things I told you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Dan. 2:4)</strong></a> The Chal·deʹans replied to the king in the Ar·a·maʹic language:* “O king, may you live on forever. Relate the dream to your servants, and we will tell the interpretation.”</p><p></p><p>Da 2:4b through 7:28 was originally written in Aramaic.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 12:11, 12)</strong></a> When they bring you in before public assemblies, government officials, and authorities, do not become anxious about how or what you will speak in defense or what you will say, <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>for the holy spirit will teach you in that very hour the things you should say.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 21:13-15)</strong></a> It will result in your giving a witness. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>Therefore, resolve in your hearts not to rehearse beforehand how to make your defense, <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>for I will give you words and wisdom that all your opposers together will not be able to resist or dispute.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
