<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, May 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20"><span id="page49" class="pageNum" data-no="49" data-before-text="49"></span>Tuesday, May 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class = "themeScrp"><em>Keep testing whether you are in the faith.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Cor. 13:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">To do that, we do well to ask ourselves: ‘Do I really believe that I am part of the only organization that Jehovah has approved to accomplish his will? Am I doing my utmost to preach and teach the good news of the Kingdom? Do my actions show that I truly believe that these are the last days and that the end of Satan’s rule is near? Do I have the same confidence in Jehovah and Jesus now that I had when I dedicated my life to Jehovah God?’ (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 24:14;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 2 Tim. 3:1;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Heb. 3:14</a>) Pondering the answers to such questions will help us to keep proving what we ourselves are. Read and meditate on Scriptural material that discusses the significance of the Memorial. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">John 3:16;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 17:3</a>) The only path to everlasting life involves “coming to know” Jehovah and “exercising faith” in Jesus, His only-begotten Son. To prepare for the Memorial, why not choose some study projects that will help you to draw closer to Jehovah and Jesus? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>13 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 13:5)</strong></a> Keep testing whether you are in the faith; keep proving what you yourselves are. Or do you not recognize that Jesus Christ is in union with you? Unless you are disapproved.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:14)</strong></a> And this good news of the Kingdom will be preached in all the inhabited earth for a witness to all the nations, and then the end will come.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:1)</strong></a> But know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 3:14)</strong></a> For we actually become partakers of* the Christ only if we hold firmly down to the end the confidence we had at the beginning.</p><p></p><p>Or “have a sharing with.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 3:16)</strong></a> “For God loved the world so much that he gave his only-begotten Son, so that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(John 17:3)</strong></a> This means everlasting life, their coming to know you, the only true God, and the one whom you sent, Jesus Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
