<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, May 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56"><span id="page53" class="pageNum" data-no="53" data-before-text="53"></span>Sunday, May 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class = "themeScrp"><em>This book of the Law should not depart from your mouth . . . Observe carefully all that is written in it; for then your way will be successful and then you will act wisely.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Josh. 1:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Diligent and conscientious Bible study can help Christians to develop self-control. How so? The Scriptures contain accounts that vividly illustrate both the benefits and the consequences of our actions. Jehovah had these accounts recorded for a purpose. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 15:4</a>) How wise it is to read them, meditate on them, and study them! Try to grasp how they apply to you and your family. Ask Jehovah to help you to apply his Word. If you discern that you are deficient in some aspect of self-control, admit it. Then pray about it, and strive to see how you can improve. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Jas. 1:5</a>) No doubt, research in our Christian publications can help you to locate relevant material that will further help you. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>6 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Josh. 1:8)</strong></a> This book of the Law should not depart from your mouth, and you must read it in an undertone* day and night, in order to observe carefully all that is written in it; for then your way will be successful and then you will act wisely.</p><p></p><p>Or “meditate on it.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 15:4)</strong></a> For all the things that were written beforehand were written for our instruction, so that through our endurance and through the comfort from the Scriptures we might have hope.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:5)</strong></a> So if any one of you is lacking in wisdom, let him keep asking God, for he gives generously to all and without reproaching,* and it will be given him.</p><p></p><p>Or “finding fault.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
