<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, May 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page47" class="pageNum" data-no="47" data-before-text="47"></span><strong>May</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Wednesday, May 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class = "themeScrp"><em>Hold on to discipline; do not let it go. Safeguard it, for it means your life.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 4:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">While discipline may be painful, there is something that is even more painful​—the harm that may result from rejecting discipline. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 12:11</a>) Consider the example of Cain. When Cain developed a murderous hatred toward Abel, God admonished Cain: “Why are you so angry and dejected? If you turn to doing good, will you not be restored to favor? But if you do not turn to doing good, sin is crouching at the door, and its craving is to dominate you; but will you get the mastery over it?” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 4:6, 7</a>) Cain did not listen. Then sin overwhelmed him. What needless pain and suffering Cain brought on himself! (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gen. 4:11, 12</a>) The pain of Jehovah’s reprimand would have been mild by comparison. How Jehovah wants to spare us from such needless suffering! (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Isa. 48:17, 18</a>) So let us “listen to discipline and become wise.”​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Prov. 8:33</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>32 ¶18-20</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 4:13)</strong></a> Hold on to discipline; do not let it go. Safeguard it, for it means your life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 12:11)</strong></a> True, no discipline seems for the present to be joyous, but it is painful;* yet afterward, it yields the peaceable fruit of righteousness to those who have been trained by it.</p><p></p><p>Or “grievous.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 4:6, 7)</strong></a> Then Jehovah said to Cain: “Why are you so angry and dejected? <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>If you turn to doing good, will you not be restored to favor?* But if you do not turn to doing good, sin is crouching at the door, and its craving is to dominate you; but will you get the mastery over it?”</p><p></p><p>Or “will there not be an exaltation?”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gen. 4:11, 12)</strong></a> And now you are cursed in banishment from the ground that has opened its mouth to receive your brother’s blood from your hand. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>When you cultivate the ground, it will not give you back its produce.* You will become a wanderer and a fugitive in the earth.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “power.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Isa. 48:17, 18)</strong></a> This is what Jehovah says, your Repurchaser, the Holy One of Israel: “I, Jehovah, am your God, The One teaching you to benefit yourself,* The One guiding you in the way you should walk. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>If only you would pay attention to my commandments! Then your peace would become just like a river And your righteousness like the waves of the sea.</p><p></p><p>Or “for your own good.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Prov. 8:33)</strong></a> Listen to discipline and become wise, And never neglect it.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
