<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, May 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Thursday, May 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class = "themeScrp"><em>Find exquisite delight in Jehovah, and he will grant you the desires of your heart.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 37:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">What plans does Jehovah recommend for you? He created humans to find happiness by knowing him and by serving him faithfully. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 128:1;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Matt. 5:3</a>) This is in sharp contrast with the animals he created, which are content merely to eat, drink, and produce offspring. God wants you to find happiness by planning for things other than those that satisfy animals. Your Creator is “the God of love,” “the happy God,” who made humans “in his image.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Cor. 13:11;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 1 Tim. 1:11;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Gen. 1:27</a>) You will be happy when you imitate our loving God. Have you ever experienced the truth of the scripture that says: “There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving”? (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Acts 20:35</a>) That is a basic truth about human life. Therefore, Jehovah desires that your plans focus on demonstrating love for others and for God.​—<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Matt. 22:36-39</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>23 ¶3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:4)</strong></a> Find exquisite delight* in Jehovah, And he will grant you the desires of your heart.</p><p></p><p>Or “Find your greatest joy.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 128:1)</strong></a> Happy is everyone who fears Jehovah, Who walks in His ways.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:3)</strong></a> “Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need, since the Kingdom of the heavens belongs to them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 13:11)</strong></a> Finally, brothers, continue to rejoice, to be readjusted, to be comforted, to think in agreement, to live peaceably; and the God of love and of peace will be with you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 1:11)</strong></a> according to the glorious good news of the happy God, with which I was entrusted.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Gen. 1:27)</strong></a> And God went on to create the man in his image, in God’s image he created him; male and female he created them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Acts 20:35)</strong></a> I have shown you in all things that by working hard in this way, you must assist those who are weak and must keep in mind the words of the Lord Jesus, when he himself said: ‘There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Matt. 22:36-39)</strong></a> “Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the Law?” <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>He said to him: “‘You must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind.’ <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>This is the greatest and first commandment. <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>The second, like it, is this: ‘You must love your neighbor as yourself.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
