<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, May 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11"><span id="page48" class="pageNum" data-no="48" data-before-text="48"></span>Saturday, May 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class = "themeScrp"><em>Remember . . . your Grand Creator in the days of your youth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eccl. 12:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">As a youth, ask yourself: ‘Am I participating in spiritual activities just because my parents expect me to? Am I drawing closer to God by nurturing a personal relationship with him?’ Of course, the counsel to have spiritual goals applies not just to youths. Having such goals will help all of us as Jehovah’s servants to deepen our spirituality. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eccl. 12:13</a>) Once we have identified areas for improvement, we need to take positive steps that will help us move forward. Becoming a spiritual person is very important. In fact, it is a life-and-death matter. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 8:6-8</a>) However, for us to be spiritually mature does not mean to be perfect. Jehovah’s spirit can help us to make the needed progress. Still, we do need to put forth effort. Although Bible study can be enjoyable, we should not expect the Bible to read like a novel that is written just to entertain. We need to work at finding spiritual gems that will help us. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>25 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eccl. 12:1)</strong></a> Remember, then, your Grand Creator in the days of your youth, before the days of distress* come and the years arrive when you will say: “I have no pleasure in them”;</p><p></p><p>Or “the calamitous days.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eccl. 12:13)</strong></a> The conclusion of the matter, everything having been heard, is: Fear the true God and keep his commandments, for this is the whole obligation of man.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:6-8)</strong></a> For setting the mind on the flesh means death, but setting the mind on the spirit means life and peace; <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>because setting the mind on the flesh means enmity with God, for it is not in subjection to the law of God, nor, in fact, can it be. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>So those who are in harmony with the flesh cannot please God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
