<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, May 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Monday, May 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class = "themeScrp"><em>Clothe yourselves with the new personality.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 3:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">“The new personality” refers to a personality that is “created according to God’s will.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 4:24</a>) Developing such a new personality is within our reach. Why? Because Jehovah created humans in his image and thus made it possible for us to reflect his beautiful qualities. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 1:26, 27;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Eph. 5:1</a>) After exhorting us to put on the new personality, Paul goes on to describe <em>impartiality </em>as one striking characteristic of the new personality. He stated: “There is neither Greek nor Jew, circumcision nor uncircumcision, foreigner, Scythian, slave, or freeman.” In the congregation, why should there be no distinction based on race, nationality, or social status? Because true followers of Christ “are all one.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Col. 3:11;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Gal. 3:28</a>) Those clothed with the new personality treat fellow believers and outsiders with dignity, regardless of their social or racial background.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Rom. 2:11</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>22 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation2"> 23 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 3:10)</strong></a> and clothe yourselves with the new personality, which through accurate knowledge is being made new according to the image of the One who created it,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:24)</strong></a> and should put on the new personality that was created according to God’s will in true righteousness and loyalty.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 1:26, 27)</strong></a> Then God said: “Let us make man in our image, according to our likeness, and let them have in subjection the fish of the sea and the flying creatures of the heavens and the domestic animals and all the earth and every creeping animal that is moving on the earth.” <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>And God went on to create the man in his image, in God’s image he created him; male and female he created them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:1)</strong></a> Therefore, become imitators of God, as beloved children,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Col. 3:11)</strong></a> where there is neither Greek nor Jew, circumcision nor uncircumcision, foreigner, Scythʹi·an,* slave, or freeman; but Christ is all things and in all.</p><p></p><p>“Scythian” implied an uncivilized person.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Gal. 3:28)</strong></a> There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither slave nor freeman, there is neither male nor female, for you are all one in union with Christ Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Rom. 2:11)</strong></a> For there is no partiality with God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
