<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, May 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Saturday, May 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class = "themeScrp"><em>Be wise, my son, and make my heart rejoice.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 27:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">Christian youths have important decisions to make. The wise decisions they make about good associations, wholesome entertainment, moral cleanness, and baptism all call for courage. That is because such young ones are going against the will of Satan, the one who taunts God. One important decision young ones must make involves their goals. In some lands, young ones are pressured to set goals that center on higher education and a well-paying job. In other lands, economic conditions may make young ones feel that they must focus on helping to provide materially for their families. Jehovah will bless young ones who courageously work at setting spiritual goals and putting Kingdom interests first in their lives. He will help them provide for the needs of their families. In the first century, the young man Timothy focused on spiritual goals, and you can too.​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Phil. 2:19-22</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>29-30 ¶10-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 27:11)</strong></a> Be wise, my son, and make my heart rejoice, So that I can make a reply to him who taunts me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:19-22)</strong></a> Now I am hoping in the Lord Jesus to send Timothy to you shortly, so that I may be encouraged when I receive news about you. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>For I have no one else of a disposition like his who will genuinely care for your concerns. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>For all the others are seeking their own interests, not those of Jesus Christ. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>But you know the proof he gave of himself, that like a child with a father he slaved with me to advance the good news.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
