<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, May 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Wednesday, May 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class = "themeScrp"><em>It is good to sing praises to our God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 147:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">A popular lyricist once said: “Words make you think thoughts. Music makes you feel a feeling. But a song makes you feel a thought.” What better thoughts could we “feel” than those that express praise and love for our heavenly Father, Jehovah? It is no wonder that singing is a prominent aspect of pure worship, whether we are alone when we sing or we are with the congregation of God’s people. How, though, do you feel about singing aloud with the congregation? Do you find it embarrassing? In some cultures, men may feel uncomfortable singing in public. This view can affect the whole congregation, especially if those taking the lead find reasons to hold back or to engage in other activities while the rest of the congregation is singing. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 30:12</a>) If we truly consider singing as part of our worship, we certainly will not want to walk out on or be absent from that part of the meeting program. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>3 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 147:1)</strong></a> Praise Jah!* It is good to sing praises* to our God; How pleasant and fitting it is to praise him!</p><p></p><p>Or “Hallelujah!” “Jah” is a shortened form of the name Jehovah.</p><p>Or “make music.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 30:12)</strong></a> So that I* may sing your praise and not keep silent. O Jehovah my God, I will praise you forever.</p><p></p><p>Or “my glory.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
