<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, May 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29"><span id="page50" class="pageNum" data-no="50" data-before-text="50"></span>Friday, May 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class = "themeScrp"><em>A man of knowledge restrains his words, and a discerning man will remain calm.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 17:27</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">What if you are a teenager and feel misunderstood and restricted by your Christian parents? Your frustration might even make you doubt that serving Jehovah is the best way of life. But if you allow frustration to make you give up serving Jehovah, you would soon discover that no one else cares for you more genuinely than your God-fearing parents and your congregation. If your parents never corrected you, would you not wonder if they really cared about you? (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 12:8</a>) But perhaps it is the <em>way </em>your parents discipline you that upsets you. Rather than fret over the manner of discipline, try to recognize that there may be a reason for the way they act. So keep calm and do your best to avoid overreacting to criticism. Make it your goal to become a mature person who can take counsel calmly and benefit from it without worrying excessively about how it was given.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 1:8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>29 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 17:27)</strong></a> A man of knowledge restrains his words, And a discerning man will remain calm.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “cool of spirit.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 12:8)</strong></a> But if you have not all shared in receiving this discipline, you are really illegitimate children, and not sons.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 1:8)</strong></a> Listen, my son, to the discipline of your father, And do not forsake the instruction* of your mother.</p><p></p><p>Or “law.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
