<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, May 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Tuesday, May 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class = "themeScrp"><em>Make your vows to Jehovah your God and pay them.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 76:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">How can we prove true to our dedication vow? Our stand during tests both large and small should show that we take seriously our pledge to praise Jehovah “day after day.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 61:8</a>) For example, when someone on the job or at school flirts with us, do we see this as an opportunity to “take pleasure in [Jehovah’s] ways” by rejecting such advances? (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 23:26</a>) If we live in a divided household, do we ask Jehovah for his help to maintain the Christian personality even when no one else around us is making such an effort? Do we daily approach our loving heavenly Father in prayer, thanking him for bringing us under his rulership and for loving us? Are we making time to read the Bible daily? Did we not, in effect, promise that we would do such things? It is a matter of obedience. Our full share in worship reveals that we love Jehovah and are truly dedicated to him. Our worship is a way of life, not a mere formality. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>23 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 76:11)</strong></a> Make your vows to Jehovah your God and pay them, Let all who are around him bring their gift in fear.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 61:8)</strong></a> Then I will sing praises* to your name forever As I pay my vows day after day.</p><p></p><p>Or “make music.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 23:26)</strong></a> My son, do give your heart to me, And may your eyes take pleasure in my ways.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
