<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, May 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Sunday, May 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class = "themeScrp"><em>Why are you delaying? Rise, get baptized.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 22:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">An exhaustive knowledge is not required before a person can make a dedication to God and get baptized. After baptism, all disciples should keep on growing in accurate knowledge. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Col. 1:9, 10</a>) So how much knowledge is initially required? The experience of a family in the first century offers us some insight. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 16:25-33</a>) While on his second missionary tour, about 50 C.E., Paul visited Philippi. While there, he and his companion Silas were arrested on false charges and thrown in jail. During the night, an earthquake shook the foundations of the jail and opened all the doors. The jailer, fearing that the prisoners had escaped, was on the verge of committing suicide when Paul called out to him. Paul and Silas were able to give a fine witness to the jailer and his family. Their appreciation for the truths they were learning about Jesus prompted them to take what step? They got baptized without delay. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>10 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 22:16)</strong></a> And now why are you delaying? Rise, get baptized, and wash your sins away by your calling on his name.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Col. 1:9, 10)</strong></a> That is also why from the day we heard of it, we have never stopped praying for you and asking that you may be filled with the accurate knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual comprehension, <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>so as to walk worthily of Jehovah* in order to please him fully as you go on bearing fruit in every good work and increasing in the accurate knowledge of God;</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 16:25-33)</strong></a> But about the middle of the night, Paul and Silas were praying and praising God with song, and the prisoners were listening to them. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>Suddenly a great earthquake occurred, so that the foundations of the jail were shaken. Moreover, all the doors were instantly opened, and everyone’s bonds came loose. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>When the jailer woke up and saw that the prison doors were open, he drew his sword and was about to kill himself, assuming that the prisoners had escaped. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>But Paul called out with a loud voice: “Do not hurt yourself, for we are all here!” <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>So he asked for lights and rushed in, and seized with trembling, he fell down before Paul and Silas. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>He brought them outside and said: “Sirs, what must I do to get saved?” <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>They said: “Believe in the Lord Jesus, and you will get saved, you and your household.” <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>Then they spoke the word of Jehovah to him together with all those in his house. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>And he took them along in that hour of the night and washed their wounds. Then he and his entire household were baptized without delay.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
