<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, May 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Monday, May 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class = "themeScrp"><em>Happy is the people whose God is Jehovah!​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 144:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">Jehovah is a happy God, and his people reflect that quality. Furthermore, unlike those who are lovers of themselves and who are interested only in receiving, Jehovah’s servants find delight in giving of themselves for the welfare of others. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 20:35;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 2 Tim. 3:2</a>) How can we determine if our love of God is being eclipsed by love of self? Consider the admonition found at <span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Philippians 2:3, 4</a>: “Do nothing out of contentiousness or out of egotism, but with humility consider others superior to you, as you look out not only for your own interests, but also for the interests of others.” We might ask ourselves: ‘Do I apply that counsel in my life? Do I reach out to help others, both in the congregation and in the field ministry?’ Giving of ourselves is not always easy. It requires effort and self-sacrifice. But what could make us happier than knowing that we have the approval of the Sovereign of the universe? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>23 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 144:15)</strong></a> Happy is the people for whom it is this way! Happy is the people whose God is Jehovah!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 20:35)</strong></a> I have shown you in all things that by working hard in this way, you must assist those who are weak and must keep in mind the words of the Lord Jesus, when he himself said: ‘There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:2)</strong></a> For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, disloyal,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:3, 4)</strong></a> Do nothing out of contentiousness or out of egotism, but with humility* consider others superior to you, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>as you look out not only for your own interests, but also for the interests of others.</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
