<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, May 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Thursday, May 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class = "themeScrp"><em>Those whom Jehovah loves he disciplines.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 12:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">The word “discipline” may make you think of punishment, but much more is involved. In the Bible, discipline is often presented in an appealing light, at times alongside knowledge, wisdom, love, and life. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 1:2-7;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 4:11-13</a>) That is because God’s discipline is an expression of his love for us and of his desire that we gain everlasting life. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Heb. 12:6</a>) While his discipline may include chastisement, it is never abusive or cruel. Indeed, the meaning behind “discipline” primarily relates to education, such as that involved in raising a beloved child. As members of the Christian congregation, we are part of God’s household. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Tim. 3:15</a>) We therefore respect Jehovah’s right both to set standards and to give loving discipline when we violate them. Moreover, if our actions caused unpleasant consequences, his discipline would remind us of just how important it is to listen to our heavenly Father.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Gal. 6:7</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>23 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation2"> 24 ¶3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 12:6)</strong></a> for those whom Jehovah* loves he disciplines, in fact, he scourges* everyone whom he receives as a son.”</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Or “punishes.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 1:2-7)</strong></a> To learn* wisdom and discipline; To understand wise sayings;  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>To acquire the discipline that gives insight, Righteousness, good judgment,* and uprightness;*  <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>To impart shrewdness to the inexperienced; To give a young man knowledge and thinking ability.  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>A wise person listens and takes in more instruction; A man of understanding acquires skillful direction*  <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>To understand a proverb and a puzzling saying,* The words of the wise and their riddles.  <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>The fear of* Jehovah is the beginning of knowledge. Only fools despise wisdom and discipline.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “To know.”</p><p>Or “what is just.”</p><p>Or “fairness.”</p><p>Or “wise guidance.”</p><p>Or “a parable.”</p><p>Or “reverence for.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 4:11-13)</strong></a> I will instruct you in the way of wisdom; I will lead you in the tracks of uprightness. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>When you walk, your steps will not be hindered; And if you run, you will not stumble. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Hold on to discipline; do not let it go. Safeguard it, for it means your life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 12:6)</strong></a> for those whom Jehovah* loves he disciplines, in fact, he scourges* everyone whom he receives as a son.”</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Or “punishes.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 3:15)</strong></a> but in case I am delayed, so that you may know how you ought to conduct yourself in God’s household, which is the congregation of the living God, a pillar and support of the truth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:7)</strong></a> Do not be misled: God is not one to be mocked. For whatever a person is sowing, this he will also reap;</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
