<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, May 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Monday, May 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class = "themeScrp"><em>How sweet your sayings are to my palate, more so than honey to my mouth!​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 119:103</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">As Christians, we cherish and embrace truth. God’s Word is the ultimate source of truth. In prayer to his Father, Jesus said: “Your word is truth.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 17:17</a>) Therefore, love for truth starts with gaining an accurate knowledge of God’s Word. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Col. 1:10</a>) However, more is involved than simply acquiring head knowledge. Note how the inspired writer of <span id="citationsource4"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted27.xhtml#citation4">Psalm 119</a> helps us to understand what it means to love Bible truth. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 119:97-100</a>) Do we take the time to ponder, or dwell on, Scriptural passages throughout the day? Our appreciation for Bible truth will grow when we meditate on ways we benefit from applying it in our lives. Also, we can savor the tasty Bible-based spiritual food that we receive from God’s organization. We can allow it to linger on our figurative palate so that we can recall the “delightful words” of truth and use them to help others.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Eccl. 12:10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>19-20 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:103)</strong></a> How sweet your sayings are to my palate, More so than honey to my mouth!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 17:17)</strong></a> Sanctify them by means of the truth; your word is truth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Col. 1:10)</strong></a> so as to walk worthily of Jehovah* in order to please him fully as you go on bearing fruit in every good work and increasing in the accurate knowledge of God;</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:97-100)</strong></a> How I do love your law! I ponder over* it all day long. <strong><sup>98 </sup></strong>Your commandment makes me wiser than my enemies, Because it is with me forever. <strong><sup>99 </sup></strong>I have more insight than all my teachers, Because I ponder over* your reminders. <strong><sup>100 </sup></strong>I act with more understanding than older men, Because I observe your orders.</p><p></p><p>Or “study.”</p><p>Or “study.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Eccl. 12:10)</strong></a> The congregator sought to find delightful words and to record accurate words of truth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
