<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, May 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89">Thursday, May 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class = "themeScrp"><em>They will find exquisite delight in the abundance of peace.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 37:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">We have lived in this old world so long that we may have stopped noticing how much stress we feel over world conditions. Similarly, people who live near a busy train station may no longer notice the noise, and those who live near a garbage dump may no longer notice the smell. Ah, but take away all those negative factors​—what relief! What will replace the stresses we feel now? Note the promise found in today’s text. Do not those words touch your heart? That is what Jehovah wants for you. By all means, then, do everything in your power to stay close to Jehovah God and his organization during these stressful last days! Cherish your hope, ponder over it, make it real in your mind and heart​—and share it generously with others! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Tim. 4:15, 16;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 1 Pet. 3:15</a>) That way, you can be sure that you will not pass away with this condemned old world. On the contrary, you will remain​—alive and joyful—​for all eternity! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>13 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:11)</strong></a> But the meek will possess the earth, And they will find exquisite delight in the abundance of peace.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 4:15, 16)</strong></a> Ponder over* these things; be absorbed in them, so that your advancement may be plainly seen by all people. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>Pay constant attention to yourself and to your teaching. Persevere in these things, for by doing this you will save both yourself and those who listen to you.</p><p></p><p>Or “Meditate on.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:15)</strong></a> But sanctify the Christ as Lord in your hearts, always ready to make a defense before everyone who demands of you a reason for the hope you have, but doing so with a mild temper and deep respect.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
