<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, May 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019014"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23">Wednesday, May 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class = "themeScrp"><em>No man can come to me unless the Father, who sent me, draws him.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 6:44</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">When you read the Bible and our publications and when you attend Christian meetings, you hear encouraging experiences of how God has helped others to stay faithful. But as you grow spiritually, you need to see Jehovah’s hand in your own life. How have you personally tasted Jehovah’s goodness? There is one way that all Christians have tasted Jehovah’s goodness. It is by being invited to draw close to God and his Son. A youth might reason, ‘Jehovah drew <em>my parents, </em>and I merely followed.’ But when you dedicated yourself to Jehovah and got baptized, you showed that you had come into a privileged relationship with him. Now you are truly known by him. The Bible assures us: “If anyone loves God, this one is known by him.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 8:3</a>) Try always to treasure, to appreciate, your place in Jehovah’s organization. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019014-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.12 </em>26 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 6:44)</strong></a> No man can come to me unless the Father, who sent me, draws him, and I will resurrect him on the last day.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 8:3)</strong></a> But if anyone loves God, this one is known by him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
