<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, June 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Friday, June 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class = "themeScrp"><em>For 30 days whoever makes a petition to any god or man except to you, O king, should be thrown into the lions’ pit.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Dan. 6:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">While it meant risking his life, Daniel decided not to give even the impression that he was compromising in his worship. Jehovah blessed Daniel’s conscientious and courageous decision by miraculously sparing him a cruel death. In fact, the outcome resulted in a marvelous witness for Jehovah that reached the farthest parts of the Medo-Persian Empire! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Dan. 6:25-27</a>) How can we cultivate faith like Daniel’s? The key to strong faith is not simply to read God’s Word but to ‘get the sense’ of it. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 13:23</a>) We want Jehovah’s mind on matters, which includes grasping Bible principles. Hence, we need to meditate on what we read. Also important is regular heartfelt prayer, especially when we face trials or other challenging situations. When we pray in faith for wisdom and strength, Jehovah will generously give them to us.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Jas. 1:5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>10-11 ¶13-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Dan. 6:7)</strong></a> All the royal officials, prefects, satraps, high royal officers, and governors have consulted together to establish a royal decree and to enforce a ban,* that for 30 days whoever makes a petition to any god or man except to you, O king, should be thrown into the lions’ pit.</p><p></p><p>Or “an interdict.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Dan. 6:25-27)</strong></a> Then King Da·riʹus wrote to all the peoples, nations, and language groups dwelling throughout the earth: “May you have abundant peace! <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>I am issuing an order that in every domain of my kingdom, people are to tremble in fear before the God of Daniel. For he is the living God and he endures forever. His kingdom will never be destroyed, and his rulership* is eternal. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>He rescues, saves, and performs signs and wonders in the heavens and on the earth, for he rescued Daniel from the paw of the lions.”</p><p></p><p>Or “sovereignty.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 13:23)</strong></a> As for the one sown upon the fine soil, this is the one hearing the word and getting the sense of it, who really does bear fruit and produces, this one 100 times more, that one 60, the other 30.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:5)</strong></a> So if any one of you is lacking in wisdom, let him keep asking God, for he gives generously to all and without reproaching,* and it will be given him.</p><p></p><p>Or “finding fault.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
