<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, June 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Saturday, June 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class = "themeScrp"><em>The peace of God . . . will guard your hearts and your mental powers by means of Christ Jesus.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 4:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">Jehovah’s tender empathy was perfectly expressed in the words and actions of his compassionate Son, Jesus, when he was on earth. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 5:19</a>) Jesus was sent to provide comfort for “the brokenhearted” and “all who mourn.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 61:1, 2;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Luke 4:17-21</a>) Hence, he was characterized by deep compassion​—a sympathetic awareness of people’s suffering and a heartfelt desire to alleviate their suffering. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Heb. 2:17</a>) The Scriptures reassure us that “Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today, and forever.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Heb. 13:8</a>) Since “the Chief Agent of life” personally understands what it is like to feel grief, “he is able to come to the aid of those who are being put to the test.” (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Acts 3:15;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> Heb. 2:10,</a><span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9"> 18</a>) Christ continues to be moved by the anguish of others, to understand their grief, and to provide them consolation “at the right time.”​—<span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10">Heb. 4:15, 16</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>13 ¶6-7;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation2"> 14 ¶10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:7)</strong></a> and the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and your mental powers* by means of Christ Jesus.</p><p></p><p>Or “your minds; your thoughts.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 5:19)</strong></a> Therefore, in response Jesus said to them: “Most truly I say to you, the Son cannot do a single thing of his own initiative, but only what he sees the Father doing. For whatever things that One does, these things the Son does also in like manner.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 61:1, 2)</strong></a> The spirit of the Sovereign Lord Jehovah is upon me, Because Jehovah anointed me to declare good news to the meek. He sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, To proclaim liberty to the captives And the wide opening of the eyes to the prisoners,  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>To proclaim the year of Jehovah’s goodwill* And the day of vengeance of our God, To comfort all who mourn,</p><p></p><p>Or “favor.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 4:17-21)</strong></a> So the scroll of the prophet Isaiah was handed to him, and he opened the scroll and found the place where it was written: <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>“Jehovah’s spirit is upon me, because he anointed me to declare good news to the poor. He sent me to proclaim liberty to the captives and a recovery of sight to the blind, to send the crushed ones away free, <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>to preach Jehovah’s acceptable year.” <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>With that he rolled up the scroll, handed it back to the attendant, and sat down; and the eyes of all in the synagogue were intently fixed on him. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>Then he began to say to them: “Today this scripture that you just heard* is fulfilled.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “this scripture in your ears.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Heb. 2:17)</strong></a> Consequently, he had to become like his “brothers” in all respects, so that he could become a merciful and faithful high priest in things relating to God, in order to offer a propitiatory sacrifice* for the sins of the people.</p><p></p><p>Or “to offer an atoning sacrifice; to make atonement.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:8)</strong></a> Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today, and forever.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Acts 3:15)</strong></a> whereas you killed the Chief Agent of life. But God raised him up from the dead, of which fact we are witnesses.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Heb. 2:10)</strong></a> For it was fitting that the one for whom and through whom all things exist, in bringing many sons to glory, should make the Chief Agent of their salvation perfect through sufferings.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Heb. 2:18)</strong></a> Since he himself has suffered when being put to the test, he is able to come to the aid of those who are being put to the test.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(Heb. 4:15, 16)</strong></a> For we do not have a high priest who cannot sympathize with our weaknesses, but we have one who has been tested in all respects as we have, but without sin. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>Let us, then, approach the throne of undeserved kindness with freeness of speech, so that we may receive mercy and find undeserved kindness to help us at the right time.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
