<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, June 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Sunday, June 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class = "themeScrp"><em>Where your treasure is, there your hearts will be also.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 12:34</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">Satan and his world are constantly seeking to weaken or destroy our appreciation for the spiritual treasures that Jehovah has given us. We are not immune to these tactics. We could easily be enticed by promises of a lucrative career, dreams of a lavish lifestyle, or the desire for a showy display of material riches. The apostle John reminds us that this world is passing away and so is its desire. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 John 2:15-17</a>) Therefore, we must work hard to safeguard our affections and protect our love and appreciation for spiritual riches. Be willing to give up anything that could replace your wholehearted love for God’s Kingdom. Continue to preach zealously, never losing appreciation for our lifesaving ministry. Earnestly continue to search for divine truths. As you do this, you will build up “treasure in the heavens, where no thief gets near and no moth consumes.”​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 12:33</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>13 ¶19-20</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 12:34)</strong></a> For where your treasure is, there your hearts will be also.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 John 2:15-17)</strong></a> Do not love either the world or the things in the world. If anyone loves the world, the love of the Father is not in him; <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>because everything in the world—the desire of the flesh and the desire of the eyes and the showy display of one’s means of life*—does not originate with the Father, but originates with the world. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Furthermore, the world is passing away and so is its desire, but the one who does the will of God remains forever.</p><p></p><p>Or “the bragging about one’s possessions.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 12:33)</strong></a> Sell your belongings and give gifts of mercy. Make money pouches that do not wear out, a never-failing treasure in the heavens, where no thief gets near and no moth consumes.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
