<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, June 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Saturday, June 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class = "themeScrp"><em>The Rock, perfect is his activity, for all his ways are justice.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Deut. 32:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">“Will the Judge of all the earth not do what is right?” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 18:25</a>) With that question, Abraham expressed confidence that Jehovah would render perfect justice in the case of Sodom and Gomorrah. Abraham was convinced that Jehovah would never act unjustly by “putting the righteous man to death with the wicked one.” Such an act was “unthinkable” to Abraham. He could express such confidence because Jehovah is the greatest example of justice and righteousness. In fact, the Hebrew words rendered “justice” and “righteousness” often appear together in the Hebrew Scriptures. Basically, there is no distinction between what is just and what is right. Logically, since Jehovah is the ultimate standard of righteousness, his view of matters will always be just. Further, according to his own written Word, “he loves righteousness and justice.”​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 33:5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>18 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Deut. 32:4)</strong></a> The Rock, perfect is his activity, For all his ways are justice. A God of faithfulness who is never unjust; Righteous and upright is he.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 18:25)</strong></a> It is unthinkable that you would act in this manner by putting the righteous man to death with the wicked one so that the outcome for the righteous man and the wicked is the same! It is unthinkable of you. Will the Judge of all the earth not do what is right?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 33:5)</strong></a> He loves righteousness and justice. The earth is filled with Jehovah’s loyal love.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
