<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, June 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Wednesday, June 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class = "themeScrp"><em>What do you give </em>[<em>God</em>]; <em>what does he receive from you?​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Job 35:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">Was Elihu suggesting that our efforts in God’s service are pointless? No. He was saying that Jehovah does not depend on our worship. Jehovah is complete. We cannot make him richer or stronger. On the contrary, any goodness, talent, or strength that we possess is a trust from God, and he takes note of how we use it. Jehovah considers acts of loyal love expressed toward his servants as being rendered to him personally. “The one showing favor to the lowly is lending to Jehovah, and He will repay him for what he does,” says <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Proverbs 19:17</a>. Is this scripture implying that Jehovah takes note of every act of kindness performed in behalf of lowly ones? Can we conclude that the Creator of the universe considers himself to be indebted to mere humans who perform deeds of mercy and that he views such giving as loans that he repays with favor and blessings? Yes, and this was verified by God’s own Son.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 14:13, 14</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>29 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Job 35:7)</strong></a> If you are righteous, what do you give him; What does he receive from you?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 19:17)</strong></a> The one showing favor to the lowly is lending to Jehovah, And He will repay* him for what he does.</p><p></p><p>Or “reward.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 14:13, 14)</strong></a> But when you spread a feast, invite the poor, the crippled, the lame, the blind; <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>and you will be happy, because they have nothing with which to repay you. For you will be repaid in the resurrection of the righteous ones.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
