<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, June 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Monday, June 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class = "themeScrp"><em>I will never leave you, and I will never abandon you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 13:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">Your employer may regularly ask you to work overtime on evenings and weekends​—times that you have set aside for family worship, field service, and Christian meetings. Courage is required to turn down such regular requests and set the right example for your children. We also show courage when we help our children to set and reach spiritual goals. For instance, some parents may hesitate to encourage their child to pursue a career of pioneering, to serve where the need is greater, to enter Bethel service, or to work on theocratic construction projects. The parents may fear that their child will not be able to care for them when they are old. However, wise parents show courage and put faith in Jehovah’s promises. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 37:25</a>) Then an added way that you can demonstrate courage and reliance on Jehovah is by helping your child to do the same.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Sam. 1:27, 28;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 2 Tim. 3:14, 15</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>30 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:5)</strong></a> Let your way of life be free of the love of money, while you are content with the present things. For he has said: “I will never leave you, and I will never abandon you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:25)</strong></a> I was once young and now I am old, But I have not seen anyone righteous abandoned, Nor his children looking for bread.*</p><p></p><p>Or “food.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 1:27, 28)</strong></a> It was for this boy that I prayed, and Jehovah granted my petition that I asked of him. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>I, in turn, now lend him to Jehovah. For all his days, he is lent to Jehovah.” And he* bowed down there to Jehovah.</p><p></p><p>Evidently referring to Elkanah.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:14, 15)</strong></a> You, however, continue in the things that you learned and were persuaded to believe, knowing from whom you learned them <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>and that from infancy you have known the holy writings, which are able to make you wise for salvation through faith in Christ Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
