<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, June 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page57" class="pageNum" data-no="57" data-before-text="57"></span><strong>June</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Saturday, June 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class = "themeScrp"><em>God is love.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 John 4:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">Motivated by love, Jehovah corrects, educates, and trains us so that we can remain in his love and on the path to life. At times, though, discipline may involve more than counsel or oral correction. If more serious sins are involved, it may include a loss of privileges in the congregation. Even when that is the case, such discipline reflects God’s love for us. A loss of privileges, for example, can help a person realize how important it is for him to focus more on personal Bible study, meditation, and prayer. He can thus be strengthened spiritually. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 19:7</a>) In time, privileges may be restored. Even disfellowshipping reflects Jehovah’s love, for it protects the congregation from bad influences. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 5:6, 7,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 11</a>) And because God disciplines to the proper degree, disfellowshipping can impress on the wrongdoer the seriousness of his sin and move him to repentance.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Acts 3:19</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>24 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 John 4:16)</strong></a> And we have come to know and believe the love that God has for us. God is love, and the one who remains in love remains in union with God and God remains in union with him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 19:7)</strong></a> The law of Jehovah is perfect, restoring strength.* The reminder of Jehovah is trustworthy, making the inexperienced one wise.</p><p></p><p>Or “restoring (bringing back) the soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 5:6, 7)</strong></a> Your boasting is not good. Do you not know that a little leaven ferments* the whole batch of dough? <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Clear away the old leaven so that you may be a new batch, inasmuch as you are free from ferment.* For, indeed, Christ our Passover lamb has been sacrificed.</p><p></p><p>Or “leavens.”</p><p>Lit., “are unleavened.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 5:11)</strong></a> But now I am writing you to stop keeping company* with anyone called a brother who is sexually immoral* or a greedy person or an idolater or a reviler* or a drunkard or an extortioner, not even eating with such a man.</p><p></p><p>Or “stop associating.”</p><p>See Glossary, “Sexual immorality.”</p><p>Or “a verbally abusive person.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 3:19)</strong></a> “Repent, therefore, and turn around so as to get your sins blotted out, so that seasons of refreshing may come from Jehovah himself</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
