<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, June 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Tuesday, June 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class = "themeScrp"><em>To do your will, O my God, is my delight, and your law is deep within me.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 40:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">Jesus loved the Mosaic Law. And no wonder! That Law came from the most important Person in Jesus’ life​—his Father, Jehovah. Jesus’ deep affection for the law of God was prophetically expressed in today’s text. By word and deed, Jesus affirmed that God’s Law was perfect, beneficial, and sure to be fulfilled. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 5:17-19</a>) How pained Jesus must have been, then, when he saw the scribes and Pharisees misrepresent his Father’s Law! They meticulously obeyed some of its smallest details, for Jesus acknowledged: “You give the tenth of the mint and the dill and the cumin.” So, what was the problem? He added: “But you have disregarded the weightier matters of the Law, namely, justice and mercy and faithfulness.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 23:23</a>) Unlike those self-righteous Pharisees, Jesus grasped the spirit behind the Law, the divine qualities reflected in each commandment. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>13 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 40:8)</strong></a> To do your will, O my God, is my delight,* And your law is deep within me.</p><p></p><p>Or “desire.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:17-19)</strong></a> “Do not think I came to destroy the Law or the Prophets. I came, not to destroy, but to fulfill. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>Truly I say to you that sooner would heaven and earth pass away than for one smallest letter or one stroke of a letter to pass away from the Law until all things take place. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Whoever, therefore, breaks one of these least commandments and teaches others to do so will be called least in relation to the Kingdom of the heavens. But whoever does them and teaches them will be called great in relation to the Kingdom of the heavens.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 23:23)</strong></a> “Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! because you give the tenth of the mint and the dill and the cumin, but you have disregarded the weightier* matters of the Law, namely, justice and mercy and faithfulness.* These things it was necessary to do, yet not to disregard the other things.</p><p></p><p>Or “more important.”</p><p>Or “faith.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
