<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, June 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Wednesday, June 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class = "themeScrp"><em>There should be no division in the body, but its members should have mutual concern for one another.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 12:25</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Until Satan’s world comes to an end, we will continue to experience trials. We deal with unemployment, serious illnesses, persecution, natural disasters, loss of possessions because of crime, or other hardships. To support one another in our suffering or adversity, we need to have genuine compassion. Feeling <em>tender compassion </em>will move us to acts of <em>kindness. </em>(<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 4:32</a>) These aspects of the new personality will help us to imitate God and be of comfort to others. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Cor. 1:3, 4</a>) How can we show even greater consideration toward foreigners or disadvantaged ones in our congregation? We need to befriend such individuals and help them to see that they are a valuable part of the congregation. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 12:22</a>) Also, out of compassion for immigrants, many Witnesses endeavor to learn a new language. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Cor. 9:23</a>) This has led to rich blessings. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>23-24 ¶7-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 12:25)</strong></a> so that there should be no division in the body, but its members should have mutual concern for one another.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:32)</strong></a> But become kind to one another, tenderly compassionate, freely forgiving one another just as God also by Christ freely forgave you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 1:3, 4)</strong></a> Praised be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of tender mercies and the God of all comfort, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>who comforts* us in all our trials* so that we may be able to comfort others in any sort of trial* with the comfort that we receive from God.</p><p></p><p>Or “encourages.”</p><p>Or “tribulation.”</p><p>Or “tribulation.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 12:22)</strong></a> On the contrary, the members of the body that seem to be weaker are necessary,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 9:23)</strong></a> But I do all things for the sake of the good news, in order to share it with others.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
