<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, June 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38">Thursday, June 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class = "themeScrp"><em>It is good to sing praises to our God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 147:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">Faithful worshippers of Jehovah have long used music as a way to praise Jehovah. It is noteworthy that when the ancient Israelites were faithfully serving Jehovah, singing was prominent in their worship. For example, in preparation for service at the temple, King David organized 4,000 Levites to provide music of praise. Among these, 288 were “trained in song to Jehovah, all experts.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Chron. 23:5;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 25:7</a>) At the inauguration of the temple, music and singing played a prominent role. The account tells us: “At the moment when the trumpeters and the singers were praising and thanking Jehovah in unison, and as the sound ascended from the trumpets, the cymbals, and the other musical instruments as they were praising Jehovah, . . . the glory of Jehovah filled the house of the true God.” What a faith-strengthening occasion that must have been!​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Chron. 5:13, 14;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 7:6</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>4 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 147:1)</strong></a> Praise Jah!* It is good to sing praises* to our God; How pleasant and fitting it is to praise him!</p><p></p><p>Or “Hallelujah!” “Jah” is a shortened form of the name Jehovah.</p><p>Or “make music.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Chron. 23:5)</strong></a> and there were 4,000 gatekeepers, and 4,000 gave praise to Jehovah on the instruments about which David said, “I made them for giving praise.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Chron. 25:7)</strong></a> The number of them and their brothers who were trained in song to Jehovah, all experts, was 288.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Chron. 5:13, 14)</strong></a> At the moment when the trumpeters and the singers were praising and thanking Jehovah in unison, and as the sound ascended from the trumpets, the cymbals, and the other musical instruments as they were praising Jehovah, “for he is good; his loyal love endures forever,” then the house, the house of Jehovah, was filled with a cloud. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>The priests were not able to stand to minister because of the cloud, for the glory of Jehovah filled the house of the true God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Chron. 7:6)</strong></a> The priests were standing at their posts of duty, as were the Levites who had the instruments used to accompany the song to Jehovah. (King David had made these instruments for giving thanks to Jehovah—“for his loyal love endures forever”—when David would offer praise with them.*) And the priests were loudly sounding the trumpets in front of them, while all the Israelites were standing.</p><p></p><p>Possibly referring to the Levites.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
