<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, June 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Thursday, June 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class = "themeScrp"><em>Jehovah is my share . . . That is why I will show a waiting attitude for him.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Lam. 3:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">Each one of us needs to be willing to wait, to show a patient attitude. But what will help us to do this? Pray for God’s spirit. Remember, patience is an aspect of the fruitage of the spirit. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 3:16;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 6:18;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 1 Thess. 5:17-19</a>) Plead with Jehovah to help you to endure patiently. Remember, too, what helped Abraham, Joseph, and David to wait patiently for the fulfillment of Jehovah’s promises. It was their faith in Jehovah and their trust in his dealings with them. They did not focus just on themselves and their personal comfort. As we contemplate how well things worked out for them, we too will be encouraged to show a waiting attitude. So even though we face tests and trials, we are determined to show “a waiting attitude.” Yes, at times we might cry out: “How long, O Jehovah?” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Isa. 6:11</a>) But with the strengthening power of God’s holy spirit, we can echo the words of Jeremiah in today’s text. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>7 ¶18-20</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Lam. 3:24)</strong></a> “Jehovah is my share,” I have said,* “that is why I will show a waiting attitude for him.”</p><p></p><p>Or “my soul says.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 3:16)</strong></a> I pray that he may grant you through the abundance of his glory to be made mighty in the man you are inside, with power through his spirit,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:18)</strong></a> while with every form of prayer and supplication you carry on prayer on every occasion in spirit. And to that end stay awake, constantly making supplication in behalf of all the holy ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:17-19)</strong></a> Pray constantly. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>Give thanks for everything. This is God’s will for you in Christ Jesus. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Do not put out the fire of the spirit.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Isa. 6:11)</strong></a> At this I said: “How long, O Jehovah?” Then he said: “Until the cities crash in ruins without an inhabitant And the houses are without people And the land is ruined and desolate;</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
