<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, June 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17"><span id="page59" class="pageNum" data-no="59" data-before-text="59"></span>Thursday, June 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class = "themeScrp"><em>My heavenly Father will also deal with you in the same way if each of you does not forgive your brother from your heart.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 18:35</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">We promote unity by freely forgiving others. When we forgive those who have offended us, we show that we appreciate the forgiveness of our own sins made possible by Christ’s ransom sacrifice. Consider one of Jesus’ illustrations as recorded at <span id="citationsource2"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted6.xhtml#citation2">Matthew 18:23-34</a>. Ask yourself: ‘Am I moved to apply what Jesus taught? Do I show patience and understanding to my fellow servants? Am I ready to forgive those who sin against me personally?’ Granted, there are degrees of sin, and some offenses are very hard for imperfect humans to forgive. Yet, this illustration teaches us what Jehovah expects. Jesus makes it clear that Jehovah will not forgive us if we do not forgive our brothers when there is a sound basis for doing so. What a sobering thought! We protect and preserve our precious unity when we forgive others as Jesus taught us to do. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>15 ¶12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 18:35)</strong></a> My heavenly Father will also deal with you in the same way if each of you does not forgive your brother from your heart.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
