<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, June 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47">Sunday, June 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class = "themeScrp"><em>I love your law.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 119:163</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">The first 39 books of the Bible were written by Israelites, or the Jews. They were the people initially “entrusted with the sacred pronouncements of God.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 3:1, 2</a>) However, by the third century B.C.E., many Jews no longer understood Hebrew. Why not? Because Alexander the Great had expanded the Grecian Empire by means of his conquests. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Dan. 8:5-7,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 20, 21</a>) As that empire spread, Greek became the common language of many of its subjects, including Jews who were scattered over a vast area. But as many Jews became Greek-speaking, understanding the Hebrew Scriptures became more difficult for most. What was the solution? Translation of the Bible from Hebrew into Greek, which was completed in the second century B.C.E. The resulting collection of Bible books came to be known as the Greek <em>Septuagint. </em>The <em>Septuagint </em>is the first known written translation of the entire Hebrew Scriptures. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>20 ¶7-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:163)</strong></a> I hate falsehood—I detest it— I love your law.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 3:1, 2)</strong></a> What, then, is the advantage of the Jew, or what is the benefit of circumcision? <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>A great deal in every way. First of all, that they were entrusted with the sacred pronouncements of God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Dan. 8:5-7)</strong></a> As I kept watching, look! there was a male goat coming from the west* crossing the surface of the whole earth without touching the ground. And the goat had a conspicuous horn between its eyes. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>It was coming toward the ram with the two horns, which I had seen standing before the watercourse; it was running toward it in a powerful rage. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>I saw it closing in on the ram, and it was filled with bitterness toward it. It struck down the ram and broke its two horns, and the ram was powerless to stand up to it. It threw the ram to the ground and trampled it down, and there was no one to rescue it from its power.*</p><p></p><p>Or “sunset.”</p><p>Lit., “hand.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Dan. 8:20, 21)</strong></a> “The two-horned ram that you saw stands for the kings of Meʹdi·a and Persia. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>The hairy male goat stands for the king of Greece; and the great horn that was between its eyes stands for the first king.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
