<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, June 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Friday, June 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class = "themeScrp"><em>Each of us will render an account for himself to God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 14:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">After baptism, we want to continue living up to our dedication in faithful service to God. There is no way to undo a dedication vow, taking back what we promised God. If a person tires of serving Jehovah or of living a Christian way of life, he cannot claim that he was never really dedicated and that his baptism was invalid. To all intents and purposes, he presented himself as one who was wholly dedicated to God. He will be accountable before Jehovah and the congregation for any serious sins that he may commit. May it never be said of us that ‘we left the love we had at first.’ Instead, we want Jesus to be able to say of us: “I know your deeds, and your love and faith and ministry and endurance, and that your deeds of late are more than those you did at first.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rev. 2:4,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 19</a>) May we zealously continue to live up to our dedication vow​—to Jehovah’s delight. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>6-7 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 14:12)</strong></a> So, then, each of us will render an account for himself to God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 2:4)</strong></a> Nevertheless, I hold this against you, that you have left the love you had at first.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 2:19)</strong></a> ‘I know your deeds, and your love and faith and ministry and endurance, and that your deeds of late are more than those you did at first.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
