<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, June 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Monday, June 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class = "themeScrp"><em>I know he will rise in the resurrection on the last day.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 11:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">Jesus’ close friend and disciple Martha was grieving. Her brother, Lazarus, had died. Could anything ease her sorrow? Yes. Jesus assured her: “Your brother will rise.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 11:20-23</a>) Martha was sure that would occur in the future. Jesus then performed a miracle. He brought Lazarus back to life that very day. We have no basis to expect that Jesus or his Father will now perform such a miracle for us. Are you, though, just as sure as Martha was of a <em>future </em>resurrection for a loved one? Maybe it is your deceased mate, your mother, your father, or a beloved grandparent. Or you may be grieving over the loss of a child. You long to hug, to speak with, and to laugh with that dear one. Happily, like Martha, you have good reason to say, ‘I know that my loved one will rise in the resurrection.’ Still, it will do each Christian good to reflect on why that is a valid conviction. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.12 </em>3 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 11:24)</strong></a> Martha said to him: “I know he will rise in the resurrection on the last day.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 11:20-23)</strong></a> When Martha heard that Jesus was coming, she went to meet him; but Mary kept sitting at home. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>Martha then said to Jesus: “Lord, if you had been here, my brother would not have died. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>Yet even now I know that whatever you ask God for, God will give you.” <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>Jesus said to her: “Your brother will rise.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
