<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, June 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Tuesday, June 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class = "themeScrp"><em>Noah found favor in the eyes of Jehovah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 6:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">By the time of Noah’s great-grandfather Enoch, people had become very ungodly. They were even saying “shocking things” against Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jude 14, 15</a>) Violence was increasing. In fact, in Noah’s day, “the earth was filled with violence.” Wicked angels materialized as humans, took wives, and produced brutal, hybrid offspring. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 6:2-4,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 11, 12</a>) But Noah stood out as different. “He proved himself faultless among his contemporaries. Noah walked with the true God.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Gen. 6:9</a>) Consider what those words say about that righteous man. For one thing, Noah did not walk with God in that wicked pre-Flood world for a mere 70 or 80 years​—the life span of many today. He lived in that world for almost 600 years! (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Gen. 7:11</a>) And unlike us today, he did not have a congregation of fellow worshippers​—evidently not even his siblings—​to turn to for spiritual support. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>4 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:8)</strong></a> But Noah found favor in the eyes of Jehovah.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jude 14, 15)</strong></a> Yes, the seventh one in line from Adam, Eʹnoch, also prophesied about them when he said: “Look! Jehovah* came with his holy myriads* <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>to execute judgment against all, and to convict all the ungodly concerning all their ungodly deeds that they did in an ungodly way, and concerning all the shocking things that ungodly sinners spoke against him.”</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Or “tens of thousands.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:2-4)</strong></a> the sons of the true God* began to notice that the daughters of men were beautiful. So they began taking as wives all whom they chose. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Then Jehovah said: “My spirit will not tolerate man indefinitely, because he is only flesh.* Accordingly, his days will amount to 120 years.” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>The Nephʹi·lim* were on the earth in those days and afterward. During that time the sons of the true God continued to have relations with the daughters of men, and these bore sons to them. They were the mighty ones of old times, the men of fame.</p><p></p><p>A Hebrew idiom that refers to angelic sons of God.</p><p>Or possibly, “because he acts according to the flesh.”</p><p>Possibly meaning “The Fellers,” that is, those who cause others to fall down. See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:11, 12)</strong></a> But the earth had become ruined in the sight of the true God, and the earth was filled with violence. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>Yes, God looked upon the earth, and it was ruined; all flesh* had ruined its way on the earth.</p><p></p><p>Or “people.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:9)</strong></a> This is the history of Noah. Noah was a righteous man. He proved himself faultless* among his contemporaries.* Noah walked with the true God.</p><p></p><p>Or “blameless.”</p><p>Lit., “his generations.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Gen. 7:11)</strong></a> In the 600th year of Noah’s life, in the second month, on the 17th day of the month, on that day all the springs of the vast watery deep burst open and the floodgates of the heavens were opened.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
