<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, June 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23">Saturday, June 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class = "themeScrp"><em>Taste and see that Jehovah is good.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 34:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">Even as a young baptized servant of God, you can taste Jehovah’s goodness by experiencing his support as you share your faith with others. You can do that in the ministry as well as at school. Some find it difficult to preach to their peers at school. You likely can understand why. You have no idea how they will react. It can be especially challenging when speaking to a large group rather than to a classmate one-on-one. What can help you? First, think about why you are convinced of your beliefs. Are the study guides found on jw.org available in your language? If you are not sure, take the time to look for them. They are designed to help you reflect on what you believe, why you believe it, and how you can explain your beliefs to others. When your conviction is strong and you are well-prepared, you will feel impelled to give a witness for Jehovah’s name.​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jer. 20:8, 9</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.12 </em>26 ¶12,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation2"> 14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 34:8)</strong></a> Taste and see that Jehovah is good; Happy is the man who takes refuge in him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jer. 20:8, 9)</strong></a> For whenever I speak, I must cry out and proclaim, “Violence and destruction!” For me the word of Jehovah has been the cause of insults and jeering all day long.  <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>So I said: “I am not going to make mention of him, And I will speak no more in his name.” But in my heart it became like a burning fire shut up in my bones, And I was tired of holding it in; I could no longer endure it.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
