<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, June 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89"><span id="page67" class="pageNum" data-no="67" data-before-text="67"></span>Sunday, June 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class = "themeScrp"><em>No greater joy do I have than this: that I should hear that my children go on walking in the truth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">3 John 4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">Parents, your example is essential to start your children on the path to endless life. When your children see you “seeking first the Kingdom,” they learn to depend on Jehovah for their daily needs. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 6:33, 34</a>) So live modestly. Sacrifice material things for spiritual benefits​—not the other way around. Strive to stay out of debt. Seek “treasure in heaven”​—Jehovah’s approval—​and not riches or “the glory of men.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Mark 10:21, 22;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> John 12:43</a>) Never get so busy that you do not have time for your children. Let them know that you are proud of them when they decide to put Jehovah first instead of seeking prestige or riches​—for themselves or for you. Avoid the unchristian view that children should provide their parents with a life of ease. Remember, “children are not expected to save up for their parents, but the parents for their children.”​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Cor. 12:14</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>8-9 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p92" data-pid="92" class="p92"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(3 John 4)</strong></a> No greater joy* do I have than this: that I should hear that my children go on walking in the truth.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “cause for thankfulness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:33, 34)</strong></a> “Keep on, then, seeking first the Kingdom and his righteousness, and all these other things will be added to you. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>So never be anxious about the next day, for the next day will have its own anxieties. Each day has enough of its own troubles.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Mark 10:21, 22)</strong></a> Jesus looked at him and felt love for him and said, “One thing is missing about you: Go, sell what things you have and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven; and come be my follower.” <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>But he grew sad at the answer and went away grieved, for he had many possessions.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 12:43)</strong></a> for they loved the glory of men even more than the glory of God.*</p><p></p><p>Or “the praise (approval) from humans even more than the praise (approval) from God.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 12:14)</strong></a> Look! This is the third time I am ready to come to you, and I will not become a burden. For I am seeking, not your possessions, but you; for the children are not expected to save up for their parents, but the parents for their children.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
