<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, June 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62"><span id="page64" class="pageNum" data-no="64" data-before-text="64"></span>Friday, June 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class = "themeScrp"><em>To do your will, O my God, is my delight.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 40:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">As a child, Jesus no doubt played and had fun. God’s Word says that there is “a time to laugh . . . and a time to dance.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eccl. 3:4</a>) Jesus also drew close to Jehovah by studying the Scriptures. When he was 12 years old, the teachers at the temple were amazed at “his understanding and his answers” regarding spiritual matters. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 2:42,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 46, 47</a>) Jesus grew up to be a happy adult. What made him happy? He knew that, among other things, God wanted him “to declare good news to the poor . . . and a recovery of sight to the blind.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Luke 4:18</a>) Doing what God asked him to do made Jesus happy. He enjoyed teaching people about his heavenly Father. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Luke 10:21</a>) Once, after teaching a woman about true worship, Jesus said to his disciples: “My food is to do the will of him who sent me and to finish his work.” (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">John 4:31-34</a>) Showing love for God and for others made Jesus happy. It can make you happy too. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>23 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 40:8)</strong></a> To do your will, O my God, is my delight,* And your law is deep within me.</p><p></p><p>Or “desire.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eccl. 3:4)</strong></a> A time to weep and a time to laugh; A time to wail and a time to dance;*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “leap; skip about.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 2:42)</strong></a> And when he was 12 years old, they went up according to the custom of the festival.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 2:46, 47)</strong></a> Well, after three days they found him in the temple, sitting in the midst of the teachers and listening to them and asking them questions. <strong><sup>47 </sup></strong>But all those listening to him were in constant amazement at his understanding and his answers.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Luke 4:18)</strong></a> “Jehovah’s spirit is upon me, because he anointed me to declare good news to the poor. He sent me to proclaim liberty to the captives and a recovery of sight to the blind, to send the crushed ones away free,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Luke 10:21)</strong></a> In that very hour he became overjoyed in the holy spirit and said: “I publicly praise you, Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because you have carefully hidden these things from wise and intellectual ones and have revealed them to young children. Yes, O Father, because this is the way you approved.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(John 4:31-34)</strong></a> Meanwhile, the disciples were urging him: “Rabbi, eat.” <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>But he said to them: “I have food to eat that you do not know about.” <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>So the disciples said to one another: “No one brought him anything to eat, did he?” <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>Jesus said to them: “My food is to do the will of him who sent me and to finish his work.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
