<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, June 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71"><span id="page65" class="pageNum" data-no="65" data-before-text="65"></span>Monday, June 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class = "themeScrp"><em>A day in your courtyards is better than a thousand anywhere else!​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 84:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">Jehovah’s way of ruling is neither oppressive nor rigid. It allows for freedom and promotes joy. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 3:17</a>) David expressed it this way: “In his [God’s] presence are majesty and splendor; strength and joy are in his dwelling place.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Chron. 16:7,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 27</a>) Similarly, the psalmist Ethan wrote: “Happy are the people who know the joyful shouting. O Jehovah, they walk in the light of your face. They rejoice in your name all day long, and in your righteousness they are exalted.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 89:15, 16</a>) Frequent meditation on Jehovah’s goodness can strengthen our conviction that his rulership is best. How could it be otherwise? As our loving Designer and Creator, Jehovah knows what we need in order to be truly happy, and he fills that need abundantly. Whatever he requires of us is for our benefit and ultimately results in our greatest joy. That is so even if his requirements involve our making some sacrifices.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Isa. 48:17</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>29 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 84:10)</strong></a> For a day in your courtyards is better than a thousand anywhere else! I choose to stand at the threshold of the house of my God Rather than to dwell in the tents of wickedness.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 3:17)</strong></a> Now Jehovah* is the Spirit, and where the spirit of Jehovah* is, there is freedom.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Chron. 16:7)</strong></a> It was on that day that David first contributed a song of thanks to Jehovah through Aʹsaph and his brothers:</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Chron. 16:27)</strong></a> In his presence are majesty* and splendor; Strength and joy are in his dwelling place.</p><p></p><p>Or “dignity.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 89:15, 16)</strong></a> Happy are the people who know the joyful shouting. O Jehovah, they walk in the light of your face. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>They rejoice in your name all day long, And in your righteousness they are exalted.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Isa. 48:17)</strong></a> This is what Jehovah says, your Repurchaser, the Holy One of Israel: “I, Jehovah, am your God, The One teaching you to benefit yourself,* The One guiding you in the way you should walk.</p><p></p><p>Or “for your own good.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
