<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, June 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Wednesday, June 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class = "themeScrp"><em>Men will be . . . lovers of money.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Tim. 3:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">People who love money will always want more, and striving to amass it, they will bring on themselves “many pains.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Tim. 6:9, 10;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Eccl. 5:10</a>) We all need money, of course. It provides a measure of protection. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Eccl. 7:12</a>) But can a person be truly happy if he has only enough for his basic needs? Absolutely! (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Eccl. 5:12</a>) Agur son of Jakeh wrote: “Give me neither poverty nor riches. Just let me consume my portion of food.” We can readily understand his reason for not wanting to be extremely poor. As he went on to explain, he did not want to be tempted to steal because theft would dishonor God. But why did he pray not to have riches? He wrote: “So that I do not become satisfied and deny you and say, ‘Who is Jehovah?’” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Prov. 30:8, 9</a>) Jesus said: “No one can slave for two masters; for either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will stick to the one and despise the other. You cannot slave for God and for Riches.”​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Matt. 6:24</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>24 ¶9-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:2)</strong></a> For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, disloyal,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 6:9, 10)</strong></a> But those who are determined to be rich fall into temptation and a snare and many senseless and harmful desires that plunge men into destruction and ruin. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>For the love of money is a root of all sorts of injurious things, and by reaching out for this love some have been led astray from the faith and have stabbed themselves all over with many pains.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eccl. 5:10)</strong></a> A lover of silver will never be satisfied with silver, nor a lover of wealth with income. This too is futility.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Eccl. 7:12)</strong></a> For wisdom is a protection just as money is a protection, but the advantage of knowledge is this: Wisdom preserves the life of its owner.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Eccl. 5:12)</strong></a> Sweet is the sleep of the one serving, whether he eats little or much, but the plenty belonging to the rich one does not permit him to sleep.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Prov. 30:8, 9)</strong></a> Remove untruth and lies far from me. Give me neither poverty nor riches. Just let me consume my portion of food,  <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>So that I do not become satisfied and deny you and say, “Who is Jehovah?” Nor let me become poor and steal and dishonor* the name of my God.</p><p></p><p>Or “assail.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:24)</strong></a> “No one can slave for two masters; for either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will stick to the one and despise the other. You cannot slave for God and for Riches.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
