<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, June 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53"><span id="page63" class="pageNum" data-no="63" data-before-text="63"></span>Tuesday, June 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class = "themeScrp"><em>The fruitage of the spirit is . . . self-control.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gal. 5:22, 23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">How can you help your children to develop self-control? Parents know that this quality does not come naturally to young people. And as is the case with all qualities that their children need to learn, parents should set the example. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 6:4</a>) So if you see that your children are struggling to control their impulses, ask yourself whether you are setting a fine example. Do not minimize the good effect of your being regular in the field service, in attending meetings, and in conducting family worship. Do not be afraid to say no to your children’s requests if need be! Jehovah set limits for Adam and Eve​—limits that could have instilled in them a proper regard for his authority. Similarly, parental discipline and example have the goal of teaching children self-control. Love for God’s authority and respect for his standards are among the most precious things that you can cultivate in your children.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 1:5,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 7, 8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>7 ¶17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gal. 5:22, 23)</strong></a> On the other hand, the fruitage of the spirit is love, joy, peace, patience,* kindness, goodness, faith, <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>mildness, self-control. Against such things there is no law.</p><p></p><p>Or “long-suffering.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:4)</strong></a> And fathers, do not be irritating your children, but go on bringing them up in the discipline and admonition* of Jehovah.*</p><p></p><p>Or “instruction; guidance.” Lit., “putting mind in.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 1:5)</strong></a> A wise person listens and takes in more instruction; A man of understanding acquires skillful direction*</p><p></p><p>Or “wise guidance.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 1:7, 8)</strong></a> The fear of* Jehovah is the beginning of knowledge. Only fools despise wisdom and discipline.  <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Listen, my son, to the discipline of your father, And do not forsake the instruction* of your mother.</p><p></p><p>Or “reverence for.”</p><p>Or “law.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
