<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, June 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Friday, June 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class = "themeScrp"><em>Do not think I came to bring peace to the earth; I came to bring, not peace, but a sword.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 10:34</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">Jesus knew that his teachings would divide people and that those who follow him would need courage to do so in the face of opposition. Jesus’ motive was to proclaim God’s message of truth, not to damage relationships. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 18:37</a>) Still, holding faithfully to Christ’s teachings would be challenging if one’s close friends or family members rejected the truth. In order to prove worthy of the Christ, his disciples have had to endure ridicule or even alienation from their families. Yet, they have gained far more than they have lost. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Mark 10:29, 30</a>) Even when our relatives oppose our efforts to worship Jehovah, we continue to love them, but we must remember that our love for God and Christ comes first. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 10:37</a>) We must also realize that Satan will try to use our affection for our family to break our integrity. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>13 ¶3-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 10:34)</strong></a> Do not think I came to bring peace to the earth; I came to bring, not peace, but a sword.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 18:37)</strong></a> So Pilate said to him: “Well, then, are you a king?” Jesus answered: “You yourself are saying that I am a king. For this I have been born, and for this I have come into the world, that I should bear witness to the truth. Everyone who is on the side of the truth listens to my voice.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Mark 10:29, 30)</strong></a> Jesus said: “Truly I say to you, no one has left house or brothers or sisters or mother or father or children or fields for my sake and for the sake of the good news <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>who will not get 100 times more now in this period of time*—houses, brothers, sisters, mothers, children, and fields, with persecutions—and in the coming system of things, everlasting life.</p><p></p><p>Or “in the present time.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 10:37)</strong></a> Whoever has greater affection for father or mother than for me is not worthy of me; and whoever has greater affection for son or daughter than for me is not worthy of me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
