<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, June 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35"><span id="page61" class="pageNum" data-no="61" data-before-text="61"></span>Wednesday, June 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class = "themeScrp"><em>This is the will of God, that you should be holy and abstain from sexual immorality.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Thess. 4:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">People may say to us: “Life is to be enjoyed. Why condemn having sex outside marriage?” The suggestion that a Christian should tolerate sexual immorality is wrong. Why? Because God’s Word forbids sexual immorality. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Thess. 4:4-8</a>) Jehovah has the right to make laws for us because he created us. The law of God that permits sexual relations only between a man and a woman who are married to each other is part of what defines the marriage arrangement. God gives us laws because he loves us. They benefit us. Families who obey them enjoy love, respect, and security. God does not tolerate willful disobedience to his law. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Heb. 13:4</a>) God’s Word teaches us how to keep far away from sexual immorality. An important way to do so is by controlling what we look at. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 5:28, 29</a>) Therefore, a Christian will avoid looking at pornography or listening to music with immoral lyrics.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Eph. 5:3-5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>22 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 4:3)</strong></a> For this is the will of God, that you should be holy and abstain from sexual immorality.*</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>por·neiʹa. </em>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 4:4-8)</strong></a> Each one of you should know how to control his own body* in holiness and honor, <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>not with greedy, uncontrolled sexual passion like the nations have that do not know God. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>No one should go beyond proper limits and take advantage of his brother in this matter, because Jehovah* exacts punishment for all these things, just as we told you previously and also strongly warned you. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>For God has called us, not for uncleanness, but for holiness. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>So, then, the man who disregards this is disregarding, not man, but God, who gives you his holy spirit.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “vessel.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:4)</strong></a> Let marriage be honorable among all, and let the marriage bed be without defilement, for God will judge sexually immoral people* and adulterers.</p><p></p><p>See Glossary, “Sexual immorality.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:28, 29)</strong></a> But I say to you that everyone who keeps on looking at a woman so as to have a passion for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>If, now, your right eye is making you stumble, tear it out and throw it away from you. For it is better for you to lose one of your members than for your whole body to be pitched into Ge·henʹna.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:3-5)</strong></a> Let sexual immorality* and every sort of uncleanness or greediness not even be mentioned among you, just as is proper for holy people; <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>neither shameful conduct nor foolish talking nor obscene jesting—things that are not befitting—but rather the giving of thanks. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>For you know this, recognizing it for yourselves, that no sexually immoral person* or unclean person or greedy person, which means being an idolater, has any inheritance in the Kingdom of the Christ and of God.</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>por·neiʹa. </em>See Glossary.</p><p>See Glossary, “Sexual immorality.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
