<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, June 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Sunday, June 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class = "themeScrp"><em>He and his entire household were baptized without delay.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 16:33</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">The jailer was not familiar with the Scriptures. So to gain a solid foundation of Scriptural knowledge, he needed to learn basic Bible truths, understand what it means to be one of God’s servants, and be determined to obey Jesus’ teachings. In a relatively brief time, his knowledge of basic Scriptural truths and his appreciation of them prompted him to get baptized. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 16:25-33</a>) No doubt he continued to add to his knowledge after his baptism. With this example in mind, what can you do when your child expresses a heartfelt appreciation for basic Scriptural teachings, including the meaning and significance of dedication and baptism? You Christian parents may conclude that he can contact the congregation elders to see if he meets the qualifications to get baptized. Like other baptized disciples, he will continue to increase in knowledge of Jehovah’s purpose throughout his life, even for all eternity.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 11:33, 34</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>10 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 16:33)</strong></a> And he took them along in that hour of the night and washed their wounds. Then he and his entire household were baptized without delay.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 16:25-33)</strong></a> But about the middle of the night, Paul and Silas were praying and praising God with song, and the prisoners were listening to them. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>Suddenly a great earthquake occurred, so that the foundations of the jail were shaken. Moreover, all the doors were instantly opened, and everyone’s bonds came loose. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>When the jailer woke up and saw that the prison doors were open, he drew his sword and was about to kill himself, assuming that the prisoners had escaped. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>But Paul called out with a loud voice: “Do not hurt yourself, for we are all here!” <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>So he asked for lights and rushed in, and seized with trembling, he fell down before Paul and Silas. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>He brought them outside and said: “Sirs, what must I do to get saved?” <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>They said: “Believe in the Lord Jesus, and you will get saved, you and your household.” <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>Then they spoke the word of Jehovah to him together with all those in his house. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>And he took them along in that hour of the night and washed their wounds. Then he and his entire household were baptized without delay.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 11:33, 34)</strong></a> O the depth of God’s riches and wisdom and knowledge! How unsearchable his judgments are and beyond tracing out his ways are! <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>For “who has come to know Jehovah’s* mind, or who has become his adviser?”</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
