<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, June 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019015"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Tuesday, June 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class = "themeScrp"><em>Expectation postponed makes the heart sick.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 13:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">Consider the case of a sister in England who very much wanted a child but whose hopes in that regard had not been fulfilled. Then she entered the change of life. She admitted that she felt devastated, for she realized that her desire would not be satisfied in this system of things. She and her husband decided to adopt a child. Nonetheless, she said: “I still went through a sort of grieving process. I knew that adoption would not be exactly the same as giving birth to my own child.” The Bible does mention a Christian woman’s being “kept safe through childbearing.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Tim. 2:15</a>) But this does not mean that giving birth or having children results in gaining everlasting life. Rather, it refers to the fact that a woman’s having children to tend to, along with the other aspects of caring for a household, may keep her from falling into a pattern of gossiping and meddling in others’ affairs.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Tim. 5:13</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019015-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>5-6 ¶6-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 13:12)</strong></a> Expectation* postponed makes the heart sick, But a desire realized is a tree of life.</p><p></p><p>Or “Hope.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 2:15)</strong></a> However, she will be kept safe through childbearing, provided she* continues in faith and love and holiness along with soundness of mind.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “they.”</p><p>Or “good judgment; sensibleness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 5:13)</strong></a> At the same time they also learn to be unoccupied, going around from one house to another; yes, not only unoccupied but also gossipers and meddlers in other people’s affairs, talking about things they should not.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
