<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, July 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8"><span id="page68" class="pageNum" data-no="68" data-before-text="68"></span>Wednesday, July 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class = "themeScrp"><em>I have treasured up his sayings even more than what was required of me.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Job 23:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">Job had outstanding insight into godly principles. He truly knew Jehovah, and he acted on that knowledge. Consider: Job knew that he could not profess to love God and at the same time be unkind to his fellow man. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Job 6:14</a>) He did not elevate himself above others but showed brotherly concern for all, rich and poor. “Did not the One who made me in the womb also make them?” he said. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Job 31:13-22</a>) Clearly, Job had not allowed his earlier prestige and wealth to warp his view of himself or others. What a contrast to many of the powerful and wealthy in the world! Job rejected all forms of idolatry​—even in his heart. He knew that false worship, including devotion to material riches, would be a denial of “the true God above.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Job 31:24-28</a>) He viewed marriage as a sacred bond between a man and a woman. He even made a covenant with his eyes not to look immorally at a virgin.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Job 31:1</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>11 ¶16;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation2"> 12 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Job 23:12)</strong></a> I have not departed from the commandment of his lips. I have treasured up his sayings even more than what was required of me.*</p><p></p><p>Or “prescribed for me.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Job 6:14)</strong></a> Anyone who withholds loyal love from his fellow man Will forsake the fear of the Almighty.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Job 31:13-22)</strong></a> If I denied justice to my male or female servants When they had a complaint* against me, <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>What can I do when God confronts me?* What can I answer him when he calls for an accounting? <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Did not the One who made me in the womb also make them? Was it not the same One who formed us before our birth?* <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>If I refused to give the poor what they desired Or saddened the eyes of the widow;* <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>If I ate my portion of food alone Without sharing it with the orphans; <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>(For from my youth the orphan* grew up with me as though I were his father, And I have been a guide for the widow* from childhood.*) <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>If I saw anyone perishing for lack of clothing Or a poor man with nothing to cover himself; <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>If he* did not bless me As he warmed himself with the wool of my sheep; <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>If I shook my fist against the orphan When he needed my assistance in the city gate;* <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>Then let my arm* fall from my shoulder, And let my arm be broken at the elbow.*</p><p></p><p>Or “legal case.”</p><p>Lit., “rises up?”</p><p>Lit., “in the womb.”</p><p>Lit., “caused the eyes of the widow to fail.”</p><p>Lit., “he.”</p><p>Lit., “her.”</p><p>Lit., “from my mother’s womb.”</p><p>Lit., “his loins.”</p><p>Or possibly, “When I saw that I had support in the city gate.”</p><p>Or “shoulder blade.”</p><p>Or “from its socket; from its upper bone.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Job 31:24-28)</strong></a> If I put my confidence in gold Or said to fine gold, ‘You are my security!’ <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>If I found my joy in my great wealth Because of the many possessions I acquired; <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>If I saw the sun* shining Or the moon moving in its splendor; <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>And my heart was secretly enticed, And my mouth kissed my hand in worship of them; <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>Then that would be an error deserving punishment by the judges, For I would have denied the true God above.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “light.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Job 31:1)</strong></a> “I have made a covenant with my eyes. So how could I show improper attention to a virgin?</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
