<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, July 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Monday, July 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class = "themeScrp"><em>Go and march to Mount Tabor . . . I will bring to you Sisera, . . . and I will give him into your hand.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Judg. 4:6, 7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">The Israelites were ill-equipped, having neither offensive weapons nor defensive armor, whereas their enemies had 900 war chariots with iron scythes. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Judg. 4:1-3,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 13;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 5:6-8</a>) Nevertheless, Jehovah gave Barak the command stated above. Barak wasted no time in following Jehovah’s instructions. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Judg. 4:14-16</a>) During the main battle in Taanach, a sudden cloudburst turned the surroundings into a marsh. Barak chased Sisera’s army all the way to Harosheth​—a 15-mile (24 km) route. At some point along the way, Sisera abandoned his once frightening but now useless chariot and ran to Zaanannim, perhaps near Kedesh. He sought refuge in the tent of Jael, the wife of Heber the Kenite, and was welcomed by Jael. Exhausted from battle, he fell asleep. Sisera was now vulnerable to Jael’s decisive act of courage to put him to death. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Judg. 4:17-21</a>) Israel’s enemy was defeated! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>29-30 ¶6-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Judg. 4:6, 7)</strong></a> She sent for Baʹrak the son of A·binʹo·am out of Keʹdesh-naphʹta·li and said to him: “Has not Jehovah the God of Israel given the command? ‘Go and march to* Mount Taʹbor, and take 10,000 men of Naphʹta·li and Zebʹu·lun with you. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>I will bring to you Sisʹe·ra, the chief of Jaʹbin’s army, along with his war chariots and his troops to the stream* of Kiʹshon, and I will give him into your hand.’”</p><p></p><p>Or “Deploy your men on.”</p><p>Or “wadi.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Judg. 4:1-3)</strong></a> But after Eʹhud died, the Israelites again did what was bad in Jehovah’s eyes. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>So Jehovah sold them into the hand of Jaʹbin the king of Caʹnaan, who reigned in Haʹzor. The chief of his army was Sisʹe·ra, who lived in Ha·roʹsheth of the nations.* <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>The Israelites cried out to Jehovah, because Jaʹbin* had 900 war chariots with iron scythes,* and he harshly oppressed the Israelites for 20 years.</p><p></p><p>Or “Harosheth-ha-goiim.”</p><p>Lit., “he.”</p><p>Lit., “chariots of iron.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Judg. 4:13)</strong></a> At once Sisʹe·ra assembled all his war chariots—900 chariots with iron scythes*—and all the troops that were with him from Ha·roʹsheth of the nations to go to the stream* of Kiʹshon.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “chariots of iron.”</p><p>Or “wadi.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Judg. 5:6-8)</strong></a> In the days of Shamʹgar the son of Aʹnath, In the days of Jaʹel, the roads were deserted; Travelers kept to the back roads.  <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>The villagers in Israel were no more;* They were no more until I, Debʹo·rah, rose up, Until I arose as a mother in Israel.  <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>They chose new gods; Then there was war in the gates. A shield could not be seen, nor a lance, Among 40,000 in Israel.</p><p></p><p>Or “ceased.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Judg. 4:14-16)</strong></a> Debʹo·rah now said to Baʹrak: “Rise up, for this is the day that Jehovah will give Sisʹe·ra into your hand. Is Jehovah not going out before you?” And Baʹrak descended from Mount Taʹbor with 10,000 men following him. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Then Jehovah threw Sisʹe·ra and all his war chariots and all the army into confusion before the sword of Baʹrak. Finally Sisʹe·ra got down from his chariot and fled on foot. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>Baʹrak chased after the war chariots and the army as far as Ha·roʹsheth of the nations. So Sisʹe·ra’s whole army fell by the sword; not even one remained.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Judg. 4:17-21)</strong></a> But Sisʹe·ra fled on foot to the tent of Jaʹel the wife of Heʹber the Kenʹite, for there was peace between Jaʹbin the king of Haʹzor and the house of Heʹber the Kenʹite. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>Then Jaʹel came out to meet Sisʹe·ra and said to him: “Come in, my lord, come in here. Do not be afraid.” So he went into her tent, and she covered him with a blanket. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Then he said to her: “Give me, please, a little water to drink, for I am thirsty.” So she opened a skin bottle of milk and gave him a drink, after which she again covered him. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>He told her: “Stand at the entrance of the tent, and if anybody comes and asks you, ‘Is there a man here?’ say, ‘No!’” <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>But Jaʹel the wife of Heʹber took a tent pin and a hammer in her hand. Then while he was fast asleep and exhausted, she stealthily approached him and drove the pin through his temples and beat it into the ground, and he died.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
