<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, July 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page67" class="pageNum" data-no="67" data-before-text="67"></span><strong>July</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Monday, July 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class = "themeScrp"><em>Humble yourselves . . . under the mighty hand of God, so that he may exalt you in due time.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 5:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">As the steward “in charge of the house”​—presumably that of Hezekiah—​Shebna had considerable authority. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 22:15</a>) Sadly, though, he became proud, seeking his own glory. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 22:16-18</a>) Because Shebna pursued glory for himself, God ‘threw him out of his office’ and replaced him with Eliakim. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Isa. 22:19-21</a>) This change occurred when Assyrian King Sennacherib was intending to attack Jerusalem. Sometime later, that king sent high officials to Jerusalem, along with a large army, to demoralize the Jews and intimidate Hezekiah into surrendering. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Ki. 18:17-25</a>) Eliakim was sent to speak to the officials, but he was not alone. He was accompanied by two others, one of whom was Shebna, now serving as secretary. Might this not suggest that Shebna did not give way to bitterness and resentment but instead humbly accepted his lesser responsibilities? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>25 ¶7-8,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted.xhtml#pcitation2"> 10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:6)</strong></a> Humble yourselves, therefore, under the mighty hand of God, so that he may exalt you in due time,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 22:15)</strong></a> This is what the Sovereign Lord, Jehovah of armies, says: “Go in to this steward, to Shebʹna, who is in charge of the house,* and say,</p><p></p><p>Or “palace.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 22:16-18)</strong></a> ‘What is your interest here, and who is there of interest to you here, that you hewed out a burial place here for yourself?’ He is hewing out his burial place in a high place; he is cutting out a resting-place* for himself in a crag. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>‘Look! Jehovah will hurl you down violently, O man, and seize you forcibly. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>He will certainly wrap you up tightly and hurl you like a ball into a wide land. There you will die, and there your glorious chariots will be, a disgrace to your master’s house.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “a residence.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 22:19-21)</strong></a> And I will depose you from your position and throw you out of your office. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>“‘In that day I will call my servant E·liʹa·kim the son of Hil·kiʹah, <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>and I will clothe him with your robe and firmly bind your sash around him, and I will give your authority* into his hand. And he will be a father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem and to the house of Judah.</p><p></p><p>Or “dominion.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Ki. 18:17-25)</strong></a> The king of As·syrʹi·a then sent the Tarʹtan,* the Rabʹsa·ris,* and the Rabʹsha·keh* with a vast army from Laʹchish to King Hez·e·kiʹah in Jerusalem. They went up to Jerusalem and took up a position by the conduit of the upper pool, which is at the highway of the laundryman’s field. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>When they called for the king to come out, E·liʹa·kim son of Hil·kiʹah, who was in charge of the household,* Shebʹnah the secretary, and Joʹah son of Aʹsaph the recorder came out to them. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>So the Rabʹsha·keh said to them: “Please, say to Hez·e·kiʹah, ‘This is what the great king, the king of As·syrʹi·a, says: “What is the basis for your confidence? <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>You are saying, ‘I have a strategy and the power to wage war,’ but these are empty words. In whom have you put your trust, so that you dare to rebel against me? <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>Look! You trust in the support of this crushed reed, Egypt, which if a man should lean on it would enter into his palm and pierce it. That is the way Pharʹaoh king of Egypt is to all those who trust in him. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>And if you should say to me, ‘We trust in Jehovah our God,’ is he not the one whose high places and altars Hez·e·kiʹah has removed, while he says to Judah and Jerusalem, ‘You should bow down before this altar in Jerusalem’?”’ <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>So now make this wager, please, with my lord the king of As·syrʹi·a: I will give you 2,000 horses if you are able to find enough riders for them. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>How, then, could you drive back even one governor who is the least of my lord’s servants, while you put your trust in Egypt for chariots and for horsemen? <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>Now is it without authorization from Jehovah that I have come up against this place to destroy it? Jehovah himself said to me, ‘Go up against this land and destroy it.’”</p><p></p><p>Or “the commander.”</p><p>Or “the chief court official.”</p><p>Or “the chief cupbearer.”</p><p>Or “palace.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
