<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, July 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71"><span id="page75" class="pageNum" data-no="75" data-before-text="75"></span>Wednesday, July 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class = "themeScrp"><em>Become imitators of me, just as I am of Christ.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 11:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">Jehovah exercises authority in a loving manner. In harmony with that, family heads and elders who love his sovereignty will not be demanding, as if exercising a small sovereignty of their own. Instead, they will imitate Jehovah. Paul was just such an imitator of God and his Son. Paul did not embarrass others or pressure them into taking a desired course of action. Rather, he <em>appealed </em>to them. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 12:1;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Eph. 4:1;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Philem. 8-10</a>) That is Jehovah’s way of handling matters. Thus, that should be the way of all who love and uphold his way of ruling. What is our response to divinely authorized headship? By our respectful cooperation, we show our support for Jehovah’s sovereignty. Even if we do not fully understand or agree with a decision, we will still want to support theocratic order. That is quite different from the way of the world, but it is the way of life under Jehovah’s rulership.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Eph. 5:22, 23;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 6:1-3;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> Heb. 13:17</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>30 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 11:1)</strong></a> Become imitators of me, just as I am of Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:1)</strong></a> Therefore, I appeal to you by the compassions of God, brothers, to present your bodies as a living sacrifice, holy and acceptable to God, a sacred service with your power of reason.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:1)</strong></a> Therefore I, the prisoner in the Lord, appeal to you to walk worthily of the calling with which you were called,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Philem. 8-10)</strong></a> For this very reason, though I have great freeness of speech in connection with Christ to order you to do what is proper, <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>I would rather appeal to you on the basis of love, seeing that I am Paul an older man, yes, now also a prisoner for the sake of Christ Jesus. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>I am appealing to you for my child, whose father I became while in prison,* O·nesʹi·mus.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “in the bonds.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:22, 23)</strong></a> Let wives be in subjection to their husbands as to the Lord, <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>because a husband is head of his wife just as the Christ is head of the congregation, he being a savior of this body.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:1-3)</strong></a> Children, be obedient to your parents in union with the Lord, for this is righteous. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>“Honor your father and your mother” is the first command with a promise: <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>“That it may go well with you* and you may remain a long time on the earth.”</p><p></p><p>Or “That you may prosper.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:17)</strong></a> Be obedient to those who are taking the lead among you and be submissive, for they are keeping watch over you* as those who will render an account, so that they may do this with joy and not with sighing, for this would be damaging to you.</p><p></p><p>Or “your souls.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
