<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, July 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44"><span id="page72" class="pageNum" data-no="72" data-before-text="72"></span>Monday, July 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class = "themeScrp"><em>Let the older women be reverent in behavior, . . . so that they may advise the younger women.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Titus 2:3, 4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">Single sisters now have many opportunities to expand their ministry by pioneering, moving to where the need is greater, working with the Local Design/​Construction program, and applying for the School for Kingdom Evangelizers. Some are even able to attend Gilead School. Older women, though unable to do many of those things, are also a blessing to the congregation. How we love these dear sisters! Some may not be able to do as much as they once did in God’s service, but they can still show courage and go to work. For example, an older sister needs courage if she is asked to talk to a younger sister about modest dress. She will not scold the sister about her choice of clothing, but she may be able to encourage the younger one to consider how her choice of clothing may affect others. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Tim. 2:9, 10</a>) Such loving expressions of concern may have a positive effect. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>31-32 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Titus 2:3, 4)</strong></a> Likewise, let the older women be reverent in behavior, not slanderous, not enslaved to a lot of wine, teachers of what is good, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>so that they may advise* the younger women to love their husbands, to love their children,</p><p></p><p>Or “recall to their senses; train.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 2:9, 10)</strong></a> Likewise, the women should adorn themselves in appropriate* dress, with modesty and soundness of mind,* not with styles of hair braiding and gold or pearls or very expensive clothing, <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>but in the way that is proper for women professing devotion to God, namely, through good works.</p><p></p><p>Or “respectable.”</p><p>Or “good judgment; sensibleness.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
