<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, July 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Monday, July 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class = "themeScrp"><em>I will keep comforting you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 66:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">Without a doubt, the primary source of consolation is our compassionate heavenly Father, Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 1:3, 4</a>) Another source of comfort to grieving ones is the Christian congregation. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Thess. 5:11</a>) How can you strengthen and console those who have “a crushed spirit”? (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Prov. 17:22</a>) Bear in mind that there is “a time to be silent and a time to speak.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Eccl. 3:7</a>) A widow named Dalene explains: “Bereaved ones need to express their thoughts and feelings. Therefore, the most important thing you can do for a bereaved person is to listen​—without interrupting.” Junia, whose brother took his own life, adds: “Even though you may not be able to grasp their grief completely, what counts is that you <em>want </em>to understand how they feel.” Remember, too, that not everyone experiences and expresses grief in the same way. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>13 ¶3;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation2"> 14 ¶11-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 66:13)</strong></a> As a mother comforts her son, So I will keep comforting you; And over Jerusalem you will be comforted.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 1:3, 4)</strong></a> Praised be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of tender mercies and the God of all comfort, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>who comforts* us in all our trials* so that we may be able to comfort others in any sort of trial* with the comfort that we receive from God.</p><p></p><p>Or “encourages.”</p><p>Or “tribulation.”</p><p>Or “tribulation.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:11)</strong></a> Therefore, keep encouraging* one another and building one another up, just as you are in fact doing.</p><p></p><p>Or “comforting.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 17:22)</strong></a> A joyful heart is good medicine,* But a crushed spirit saps one’s strength.*</p><p></p><p>Or “good for healing.”</p><p>Or “dries up the bones.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Eccl. 3:7)</strong></a> A time to rip apart and a time to sew together; A time to be silent and a time to speak;</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
