<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, July 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Sunday, July 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class = "themeScrp"><em>Return to me, . . . and I will return to you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Zech. 1:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">A flying scroll, a woman sealed inside a container, and two women soaring in the wind with wings like those of storks​—such dramatic images are found in the book of Zechariah. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Zech. 5:1,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 7-9</a>) Why did Jehovah give these striking visions to his prophet? Zechariah’s sixth and seventh visions are a sober warning to those who persist in dishonest ways, a reminder that Jehovah does not tolerate wrongdoing. On the part of his sincere worshippers, there must be a genuine hatred of wickedness. These accounts are also a loving reassurance from our heavenly Father. If we diligently work to be the sort of people who have God’s approval and protection, we will not have to face a death-dealing curse. Rather, Jehovah will gladly bless us. All our struggles to remain clean in a world full of wickedness will be worthwhile. We can be sure that we can succeed with Jehovah’s help! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>21 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation2"> 25 ¶19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Zech. 1:3)</strong></a> “Say to them, ‘This is what Jehovah of armies says: “‘Return to me,’ declares Jehovah of armies, ‘and I will return to you,’ says Jehovah of armies.”’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Zech. 5:1)</strong></a> Again I looked up, and I saw a flying scroll.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Zech. 5:7-9)</strong></a> And I saw that the round lid of lead was lifted up, and there was a woman sitting inside the container. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>So he said: “This is Wickedness.” Then he threw her back into the eʹphah container, after which he thrust the lead weight over its mouth. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Then I looked up and saw two women coming forward, and they were soaring in the wind. They had wings like the wings of a stork. And they lifted up the container between the earth and heaven.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
