<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, July 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17"><span id="page69" class="pageNum" data-no="69" data-before-text="69"></span>Saturday, July 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class = "themeScrp"><em>Remember . . . your Grand Creator in the days of your youth.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eccl. 12:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">Some parents have concluded that it would be best for their son or daughter to delay baptism in order first to obtain some advanced education and become secure in a career. Such reasoning may be well-intentioned, but will it help their child to achieve genuine success? More important, is it in harmony with the Scriptures? It is important to remember that this world and all its components are opposed to Jehovah’s interests and thinking. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jas. 4:7, 8;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 1 John 2:15-17;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 5:19</a>) A close relationship with Jehovah is a child’s best defense against Satan, his world, and its ungodly thinking. For a parent to place high priority on secular pursuits could confuse a child and jeopardize his best interests. Would loving Christian parents really want this world to shape their child’s view of success? The fact is, we find true joy and success only when we give Jehovah first place in our lives.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 1:2, 3</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>10-11 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eccl. 12:1)</strong></a> Remember, then, your Grand Creator in the days of your youth, before the days of distress* come and the years arrive when you will say: “I have no pleasure in them”;</p><p></p><p>Or “the calamitous days.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jas. 4:7, 8)</strong></a> Therefore, subject yourselves to God; but oppose the Devil, and he will flee from you. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners, and purify your hearts, you indecisive ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 John 2:15-17)</strong></a> Do not love either the world or the things in the world. If anyone loves the world, the love of the Father is not in him; <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>because everything in the world—the desire of the flesh and the desire of the eyes and the showy display of one’s means of life*—does not originate with the Father, but originates with the world. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Furthermore, the world is passing away and so is its desire, but the one who does the will of God remains forever.</p><p></p><p>Or “the bragging about one’s possessions.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 John 5:19)</strong></a> We know that we originate with God, but the whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 1:2, 3)</strong></a> But his delight is in the law of Jehovah, And he reads His law in an undertone* day and night.  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>He will be like a tree planted by streams of water, A tree that produces fruit in its season, The foliage of which does not wither. And everything he does will succeed.</p><p></p><p>Or “he meditates on His law.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
