<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, July 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38">Saturday, July 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class = "themeScrp"><em>Choose cities convenient for yourselves to serve as cities of refuge.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Num. 35:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">The six cities of refuge were easy to access. Jehovah commanded Israel to distribute the cities evenly on both sides of the Jordan River. Why? So that any fugitive could find refuge quickly and conveniently. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Num. 35:12-14</a>) Roads leading to the cities of refuge were kept in good repair. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Deut. 19:3</a>) According to Jewish tradition, guideposts were erected to direct fugitives to the cities. Since the cities of refuge were available, an unintentional manslayer was not forced to flee to a foreign land, where he might be tempted to take up false worship. Think of it: Jehovah​—the very One who had mandated capital punishment for willful murderers—​gave unintentional manslayers ample opportunity to receive compassion and protection! “Every thing was made as plain, as simple, and as easy as possible,” wrote one commentator. Jehovah is not a heartless judge who is eager to punish his servants. Rather, he is “rich in mercy.”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Eph. 2:4</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>14 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Num. 35:11)</strong></a> You should choose cities convenient for yourselves to serve as cities of refuge, where the manslayer who unintentionally kills someone* should flee.</p><p></p><p>Or “strikes a soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Num. 35:12-14)</strong></a> These cities will serve as a refuge for you from the blood avenger, so that the manslayer will not die until he stands trial before the assembly. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>The six cities of refuge that you provide will serve this purpose. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>You will provide three cities on this side of the Jordan and three cities in the land of Caʹnaan to serve as cities of refuge.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Deut. 19:3)</strong></a> You should divide the territory of the land that Jehovah your God has given you to possess into three parts, and prepare the roads so that any manslayer can flee to one of those cities.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Eph. 2:4)</strong></a> But God, being rich in mercy, because of his great love with which he loved us,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
