<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, July 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Friday, July 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class = "themeScrp"><em>With humility consider others superior to you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 2:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Our motive for clothing ourselves with the new personality must be to honor Jehovah, not to win praise from men. Remember that even a once perfect spirit creature sinned because he allowed himself to become filled with pride. (Compare <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ezekiel 28:17</a>.) How much more difficult it is for sinful humans to avoid improper pride and haughtiness! Still, it is possible to clothe ourselves with <em>humility. </em>What will help us to do so? To remain humble, we need to set aside time to meditate daily on what we read in God’s Word. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Deut. 17:18-20</a>) In particular, we do well to reflect on Jesus’ teachings and his wonderful example of humble service. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 20:28</a>) Jesus even washed the feet of his apostles. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">John 13:12-17</a>) We also need to pray frequently for God’s spirit to help us fight any tendency of feeling superior to others.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Gal. 6:3, 4</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>25 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:3)</strong></a> Do nothing out of contentiousness or out of egotism, but with humility* consider others superior to you,</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ezek. 28:17)</strong></a> Your heart became haughty because of your beauty. You corrupted your wisdom because of your own glorious splendor. I will throw you down to the earth. I will make you a spectacle before kings.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Deut. 17:18-20)</strong></a> When he takes his seat on the throne of his kingdom, he must write for himself in a book* a copy of this Law, taken from the one kept by the Levitical priests. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>“It is to remain with him, and he must read from it all the days of his life, so that he may learn to fear Jehovah his God and observe all the words of this Law and these regulations by carrying them out. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>Thus his heart will not exalt itself above his brothers, and he will not deviate from the commandment, either to the right or to the left, so that he may remain a long time over his kingdom, he and his sons in the midst of Israel.</p><p></p><p>Or “a scroll.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 20:28)</strong></a> Just as the Son of man came, not to be ministered to, but to minister and to give his life as a ransom in exchange for many.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 13:12-17)</strong></a> When, now, he had washed their feet and had put his outer garments on, he again reclined at the table and said to them: “Do you understand what I have done to you? <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>You address me as ‘Teacher’ and ‘Lord,’ and you are correct, for I am such. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>Therefore, if I, the Lord and Teacher, washed your feet, you also should wash the feet of one another. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>For I set the pattern for you, that just as I did to you, you should also do. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>Most truly I say to you, a slave is not greater than his master, nor is one who is sent greater than the one who sent him. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>If you know these things, happy you are if you do them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:3, 4)</strong></a> For if anyone thinks he is something when he is nothing, he is deceiving himself. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>But let each one examine his own actions, and then he will have cause for rejoicing in regard to himself alone, and not in comparison with the other person.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
