<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, July 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Wednesday, July 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class = "themeScrp"><em>Those who </em>[<em>marry</em>] <em>will have tribulation in their flesh.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 7:28</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">An unfulfilled desire for children is in its own way a ‘tribulation in the flesh.’ (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 13:12</a>) In Bible times, barrenness often carried a stigma. Rachel, Jacob’s wife, expressed anguish at seeing her sister have children. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 30:1, 2</a>) When referring to tribulations associated with marriage, there is one that may not readily come to mind. The death of a loved one. Yes, a distinct trial that many have faced is that of losing a beloved marriage mate in death. This is a trial that the survivor may not have expected to face in this system of things. Christians firmly believe Jesus’ promise of a coming resurrection. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">John 5:28, 29</a>) What does that prospect do for the surviving mate? It offers a considerable amount of comfort. This is another way that our loving Father, through his Word, offers support and comfort to those experiencing tribulation. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>4 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation2"> 5 ¶6;</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation3"> 6 ¶9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:28)</strong></a> But even if you did marry, you would commit no sin. And if a virgin married, such a person would commit no sin. However, those who do will have tribulation in their flesh. But I am trying to spare you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 13:12)</strong></a> Expectation* postponed makes the heart sick, But a desire realized is a tree of life.</p><p></p><p>Or “Hope.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 30:1, 2)</strong></a> When Rachel saw that she had borne no children to Jacob, she became jealous of her sister and began to say to Jacob: “Give me children or else I will die.” <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>At this Jacob’s anger flared up against Rachel, and he said: “Am I in the place of God, who has prevented you from having children?”*</p><p></p><p>Or “has withheld the fruit of the womb from you?”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 5:28, 29)</strong></a> Do not be amazed at this, for the hour is coming in which all those in the memorial tombs will hear his voice <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>and come out, those who did good things to a resurrection of life, and those who practiced vile things to a resurrection of judgment.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
