<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, July 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Thursday, July 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class = "themeScrp">[<em>Noah</em>] <em>proved himself faultless among his contemporaries. Noah walked with the true God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 6:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">Noah was not content just to lead a good life. He also became a bold “preacher of righteousness,” publicly confessing his faith in Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Pet. 2:5</a>) “Through this faith he condemned the world,” wrote the apostle Paul. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Heb. 11:7</a>) It stands to reason, therefore, that Noah faced ridicule and opposition, perhaps even threats of violence. But he was not “trembling at men.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Prov. 29:25</a>) Rather, he had the courage that Jehovah gives to his faithful servants. After Noah had walked with God for more than five centuries, Jehovah told him to build an ark for the saving of human and animal life. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Gen. 5:32;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 6:14</a>) How difficult that project must have seemed​—and not just from the construction point of view! Noah surely knew that it would bring on even more ridicule and opposition. Still, he obediently went ahead in faith. “He did just so.”​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Gen. 6:22</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>4 ¶4,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation2"> 6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:9)</strong></a> This is the history of Noah. Noah was a righteous man. He proved himself faultless* among his contemporaries.* Noah walked with the true God.</p><p></p><p>Or “blameless.”</p><p>Lit., “his generations.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 2:5)</strong></a> And he did not refrain from punishing an ancient world, but kept Noah, a preacher of righteousness, safe with seven others when he brought a flood upon a world of ungodly people.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 11:7)</strong></a> By faith Noah, after receiving divine warning of things not yet seen, showed godly fear and constructed an ark for the saving of his household; and through this faith he condemned the world, and he became an heir of the righteousness that results from faith.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 29:25)</strong></a> Trembling at* men is* a snare, But the one trusting in Jehovah will be protected.</p><p></p><p>Or “Fear of.”</p><p>Or “lays.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Gen. 5:32)</strong></a> After Noah reached 500 years of age, he became father to Shem, Ham, and Jaʹpheth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:14)</strong></a> Make for yourself an ark* from resinous wood. You will make compartments in the ark and cover it with tar* inside and outside.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “a chest”; a large vessel.</p><p>Or “pitch.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:22)</strong></a> And Noah did according to all that God had commanded him. He did just so.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
