<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, July 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89"><span id="page77" class="pageNum" data-no="77" data-before-text="77"></span>Tuesday, July 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class = "themeScrp"><em>Jehovah has a controversy with the nations. . . . He will put the wicked to the sword.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jer. 25:31</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">After Armageddon, will there be any organization on earth? The Bible tells us: “There are new heavens and a new earth that we are awaiting according to his promise, and in these righteousness is to dwell.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Pet. 3:13</a>) The old heavens and earth, the corrupt governments and the earthly society under their control, will be gone. They will be replaced by what? The expression “new heavens and a new earth” means that there will be a new government and a new earthly society over which that government rules. The Kingdom under Jesus Christ will perfectly reflect the personality of Jehovah God, who is a God of order. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 14:33</a>) So the “new earth” will be organized. There will be good men to care for matters. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 45:16</a>) They will be directed by Christ and his 144,000 corulers. Imagine a time when all corrupt organizations will be replaced by a single, unified, and incorruptible organization! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>11 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jer. 25:31)</strong></a> ‘A noise will resound to the ends of the earth, For Jehovah has a controversy with the nations. He will personally pass judgment on all humans.* And he will put the wicked to the sword,’ declares Jehovah.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “all flesh.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 3:13)</strong></a> But there are new heavens and a new earth that we are awaiting according to his promise, and in these righteousness is to dwell.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 14:33)</strong></a> For God is a God not of disorder but of peace. As in all the congregations of the holy ones,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 45:16)</strong></a> Your sons will take the place of your forefathers. You will appoint them as princes in all the earth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
