<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, July 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23">Monday, July 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class = "themeScrp"><em>Just as you have always obeyed, . . . keep working out your own salvation with fear and trembling.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 2:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">Working out your own salvation is a serious responsibility. Some of the things involved are reading God’s Word and meditating on it, praying to Jehovah, and thinking of ways that Jehovah has blessed you as an individual. Applying yourself in those aspects will boost your confidence in your privilege of having a friendship with Jehovah. That, in turn, will move you to speak up about your beliefs. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 73:28</a>) Jesus said: “If anyone wants to come after me, let him disown himself and pick up his torture stake and keep following me.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 16:24</a>) Clearly, discipleship​—including dedication and baptism—​is an obligation for you as a Christian. Yet, it opens the door to countless blessings now and to everlasting life in God’s new world. You have every reason, then, to keep working out your own salvation! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.12 </em>27 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:12)</strong></a> Consequently, my beloved ones, just as you have always obeyed, not only during my presence but now much more readily during my absence, keep working out your own salvation with fear and trembling.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 73:28)</strong></a> But as for me, drawing near to God is good for me. I have made the Sovereign Lord Jehovah my refuge, To declare all your works.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 16:24)</strong></a> Then Jesus said to his disciples: “If anyone wants to come after me, let him disown himself and pick up his torture stake and keep following me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
