<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, July 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Thursday, July 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class = "themeScrp"><em>You cannot slave for God and for Riches.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 6:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">Many people urge us to pursue a secular career as our goal in life. Such a career may promise status, authority, and wealth. Because many make pursuing a career their main goal in life, a Christian might adopt the same way of thinking. Is it true that succeeding in a secular career that offers power and prestige leads to lasting happiness? No. Remember that the craving to control others and the longing to be admired are the desires that enticed Satan, but he is angry, not happy. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 4:8, 9;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Rev. 12:12</a>) Compared to the lasting joy that comes from helping people to benefit from God’s wisdom so that they can gain everlasting life, a secular career can provide only limited satisfaction. Moreover, the spirit of this world is intensely competitive. It pushes people to outdo one another, breeds jealousy, and in the end, proves to be “a chasing after the wind.”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Eccl. 4:4</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>23 ¶11-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:24)</strong></a> “No one can slave for two masters; for either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will stick to the one and despise the other. You cannot slave for God and for Riches.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 4:8, 9)</strong></a> Again the Devil took him along to an unusually high mountain and showed him all the kingdoms of the world and their glory. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>And he said to him: “All these things I will give you if you fall down and do an act of worship to me.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 12:12)</strong></a> On this account be glad, you heavens and you who reside in them! Woe for the earth and for the sea, because the Devil has come down to you, having great anger, knowing that he has a short period of time.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Eccl. 4:4)</strong></a> And I have seen how much effort* and skillful work spring from rivalry between people; this too is futility, a chasing after the wind.</p><p></p><p>Or “hard work.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
