<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, July 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62"><span id="page74" class="pageNum" data-no="74" data-before-text="74"></span>Sunday, July 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class = "themeScrp"><em>Plans fail when there is no consultation, but there is accomplishment through many advisers.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 15:22</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">Many Christians experienced happiness in their youth by serving as pioneers. If you are young, why not discuss your plans with some of them? Such spiritual people may tell you that the full-time ministry provides an education that benefits you throughout life. After having been instructed by his Father in heaven, Jesus continued to learn during his earthly ministry. For example, he learned the joy of reaching hearts with the good news and also the joy of keeping integrity under test. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 50:4;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Heb. 5:8;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 12:2</a>) Jesus said: “Go . . . make disciples of people . . . teaching them.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 28:19, 20</a>) If you plan to be a disciple-maker, you will be choosing a most satisfying career, one that glorifies God. As with any career, you need time to become skilled. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>23 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 15:22)</strong></a> Plans fail when there is no consultation,* But there is accomplishment through many advisers.*</p><p></p><p>Or “confidential talk.”</p><p>Or “counselors.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 50:4)</strong></a> The Sovereign Lord Jehovah has given me the tongue of those taught,* So that I may know how to answer* the tired one with the right word.* He awakens me morning by morning; He awakens my ear to listen like the taught ones.</p><p></p><p>Or “a well-trained tongue.”</p><p>Or possibly, “strengthen.”</p><p>Lit., “with a word.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 5:8)</strong></a> Although he was a son, he learned obedience from the things he suffered.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 12:2)</strong></a> as we look intently at the Chief Agent and Perfecter of our faith, Jesus. For the joy that was set before him he endured a torture stake,* despising shame, and has sat down at the right hand of the throne of God.</p><p></p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19, 20)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit, <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you. And look! I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
