<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, July 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Friday, July 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class = "themeScrp"><em>If we make the statement, “We have no sin,” we are misleading ourselves.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 John 1:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">Christians expect to experience some injustice outside the Christian congregation. However, our faith may be put to the test if we observe or experience what seems to be an injustice inside the congregation. How will you react if you believe that you have experienced some wrong in the congregation or in your dealings with a fellow Christian? Will you allow that to be a cause for stumbling? Because all of us are imperfect and subject to sin, we realize that there is a possibility that we could either experience injustice ourselves or be the cause of it for someone else in the congregation. Although such instances are rare, faithful Christians are not surprised or stumbled when injustices do occur. For good reason, Jehovah has provided practical advice in his Word to assist us to maintain our integrity, even if we experience wrongs at the hands of fellow believers.​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 55:12-14</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>19 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 John 1:8)</strong></a> If we make the statement, “We have no sin,” we are misleading ourselves and the truth is not in us.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 55:12-14)</strong></a> For it is not an enemy who taunts me; Otherwise I could put up with it. It is not a foe who has risen up against me; Otherwise I could conceal myself from him. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>But it is you, a man like me,* My own companion whom I know well. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>We used to enjoy a warm friendship together; Into the house of God we used to walk along with the multitude.</p><p></p><p>Or “a man, my equal.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
