<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, July 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26"><span id="page70" class="pageNum" data-no="70" data-before-text="70"></span>Tuesday, July 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class = "themeScrp"><em>Clothe yourselves with . . . patience.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 3:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">With patient teaching from their parents, children will be able gradually to begin to grasp “the breadth and length and height and depth” of faith. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 3:18</a>) We can look for what is appropriate to their age and ability. As they become convinced of what they learn, they will increasingly be able to defend their beliefs before others, including schoolmates. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Pet. 3:15</a>) For example, can your children explain from the Bible what happens at death? Does the Bible’s explanation make sense to them? Yes, inculcating God’s Word in your child will require patience, but it is worth the effort. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Deut. 6:6, 7</a>) Of course, your example is also important when it comes to building conviction. Stephanie, the mother of three daughters, says: “I ask myself, ‘Do I talk to my children about why <em>I </em>am convinced of Jehovah’s existence, his love, and the rightness of his ways?’ I can’t expect my children to be persuaded unless <em>I </em>am.” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.12 </em>20 ¶8-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 3:12)</strong></a> Accordingly, as God’s chosen ones, holy and loved, clothe yourselves with the tender affections of compassion, kindness, humility,* mildness, and patience.</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 3:18)</strong></a> in order that with all the holy ones you may be thoroughly able to comprehend fully what is the breadth and length and height and depth,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:15)</strong></a> But sanctify the Christ as Lord in your hearts, always ready to make a defense before everyone who demands of you a reason for the hope you have, but doing so with a mild temper and deep respect.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Deut. 6:6, 7)</strong></a> These words that I am commanding you today must be on your heart, <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>and you must inculcate them in* your sons and speak of them when you sit in your house and when you walk on the road and when you lie down and when you get up.</p><p></p><p>Or “repeat them to; impress them upon.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
