<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, July 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Thursday, July 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class = "themeScrp"><em>You . . . are taught by God to love one another.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Thess. 4:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">Whether young or old, brothers and sisters who are discouraged or depressed or who face other trials need our attention, encouragement, and comfort. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 12:25;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Col. 4:11</a>) We give proof that we truly love our brothers when we show by words and deeds that we have deep concern for “those related to us in the faith.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gal. 6:10</a>) The Bible foretold that “the last days” of this wicked system of things would be marked by a spirit of selfishness and greed. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Tim. 3:1, 2</a>) As Christians, we must therefore work hard to grow in our love for God, for Bible truth, and for one another. True, we may at times have minor disagreements with fellow believers. However, what a blessing it is for all in the congregation when love motivates us to settle any differences in a loving manner! (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Eph. 4:32;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> Col. 3:14</a>) Therefore, may we continue to have intense love for Jehovah, his Word, and our brothers. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>21 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 4:9)</strong></a> However, concerning brotherly love, you do not need us to write to you, for you yourselves are taught by God to love one another.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 12:25)</strong></a> Anxiety in a man’s heart weighs it down,* But a good word cheers it up.</p><p></p><p>Or “depresses him.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Col. 4:11)</strong></a> and Jesus who is called Justus, who are of those circumcised. Only these are my fellow workers for the Kingdom of God, and they have become a source of great comfort* to me.</p><p></p><p>Or “a strengthening aid.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:10)</strong></a> So, then, as long as we have the opportunity,* let us work what is good toward all, but especially toward those related to us in the faith.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “appointed time.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:1, 2)</strong></a> But know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, disloyal,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:32)</strong></a> But become kind to one another, tenderly compassionate, freely forgiving one another just as God also by Christ freely forgave you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Col. 3:14)</strong></a> But besides all these things, clothe yourselves with love, for it is a perfect bond of union.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
