<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, July 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35"><span id="page71" class="pageNum" data-no="71" data-before-text="71"></span>Friday, July 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class = "themeScrp"><em>After singing praises, they went out to the Mount of Olives.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 26:30</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">With the establishment of the Christian congregation, music continued to be a prominent feature of true worship. On the most important night in human history, Jesus included the singing of songs after the institution of the Lord’s Evening Meal. First-century Christians set a pattern of praising God together in song. Even though they often met in private homes, the modest surroundings for worship did not diminish their zeal for singing to Jehovah. Under inspiration, the apostle Paul directed his Christian brothers: “Keep on teaching and encouraging one another with psalms, praises to God, spiritual songs sung with gratitude, singing in your hearts to Jehovah.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Col. 3:16</a>) The songs in our songbook are truly “spiritual songs [to be] sung with gratitude.” They are a part of the spiritual food provided by “the faithful and discreet slave.”​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 24:45</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>4 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:30)</strong></a> Finally, after singing praises, they went out to the Mount of Olives.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Col. 3:16)</strong></a> Let the word of the Christ reside in you richly in all wisdom. Keep on teaching and encouraging* one another with psalms, praises to God, spiritual songs sung with gratitude,* singing in your hearts to Jehovah.*</p><p></p><p>Or “admonishing.”</p><p>Or “graciousness.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:45)</strong></a> “Who really is the faithful and discreet slave whom his master appointed over his domestics, to give them their food at the proper time?</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
