<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, July 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80"><span id="page76" class="pageNum" data-no="76" data-before-text="76"></span>Saturday, July 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class = "themeScrp"><em>Those who </em>[<em>marry</em>] <em>will have tribulation in their flesh.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 7:28</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">If you have an unbelieving mate, you may experience more than the usual stress and anxiety in your marriage. Nevertheless, your mate’s present unwillingness to follow Christ is not in itself a valid reason for separation or divorce. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 7:12-16</a>) Although an unbelieving husband may not take the lead in spiritual matters, he should be respected because of his position as the head of the family. Likewise, an unbelieving wife should be shown self-sacrificing love and tender affection by her Christian husband. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eph. 5:22, 23,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 28, 29</a>) What if your spouse tries to limit your worship? For example, one sister was told by her husband to share in the field ministry only on certain days of the week. If you face a similar situation, ask yourself: ‘Is my spouse demanding that I stop worshipping my God? If not, can I yield to the request?’ Being reasonable can help you to avoid needless marital conflict.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Phil. 4:5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>13 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:28)</strong></a> But even if you did marry, you would commit no sin. And if a virgin married, such a person would commit no sin. However, those who do will have tribulation in their flesh. But I am trying to spare you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:12-16)</strong></a> But to the others I say, yes, I, not the Lord: If any brother has an unbelieving wife and she is agreeable to staying with him, let him not leave her; <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>and if a woman has an unbelieving husband and he is agreeable to staying with her, let her not leave her husband. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>For the unbelieving husband is sanctified in relation to his wife, and the unbelieving wife is sanctified in relation to the brother; otherwise, your children would be unclean, but now they are holy. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>But if the unbelieving one chooses to depart,* let him depart; a brother or a sister is not bound under such circumstances, but God has called you to peace. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>For wife, how do you know whether you will save your husband? Or, husband, how do you know whether you will save your wife?</p><p></p><p>Or “separate.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:22, 23)</strong></a> Let wives be in subjection to their husbands as to the Lord, <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>because a husband is head of his wife just as the Christ is head of the congregation, he being a savior of this body.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:28, 29)</strong></a> In the same way husbands should love their wives as their own bodies. A man who loves his wife loves himself, <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>for no man ever hated his own body,* but he feeds and cherishes it, just as the Christ does the congregation,</p><p></p><p>Lit., “flesh.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:5)</strong></a> Let your reasonableness become known to all men. The Lord is near.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
