<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, July 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Tuesday, July 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class = "themeScrp"><em>Keep walking by spirit and you will carry out no fleshly desire at all.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gal. 5:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">If we find that our mind pushes us toward materialistic thinking or fleshly desires, we should not give up. Keep asking for the spirit, and Jehovah will help you to redirect your mental attitude to focus on proper things. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 11:13</a>) Remember the apostle Peter. Several times in his life, he did not respond as a spiritual man should. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 16:22, 23;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Luke 22:34,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 54-62;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Gal. 2:11-14</a>) But he did not give up. Gradually, with Jehovah’s help, Peter developed Christlike thinking. We can do the same. Peter, in fact, later spelled out specific things we can work on. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">2 Pet. 1:5-8</a>) As we “put forth all earnest effort” to develop such qualities as self-control, endurance, and brotherly affection, we will be helped to continue to move ahead as spiritually-minded individuals. Each day, why not ask yourself, ‛What can I work on today to progress spiritually?’ <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>25-26 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gal. 5:16)</strong></a> But I say, Keep walking by spirit and you will carry out no fleshly desire at all.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 11:13)</strong></a> Therefore, if you, although being wicked, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more so will the Father in heaven give holy spirit to those asking him!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 16:22, 23)</strong></a> At this Peter took him aside and began to rebuke him, saying: “Be kind to yourself, Lord; you will not have this happen to you at all.” <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>But turning his back,* he said to Peter: “Get behind me, Satan! You are a stumbling block to me, because you think, not God’s thoughts, but those of men.”*</p><p></p><p>Or “turning around.”</p><p>Or “you have, not God’s mind, but that of humans.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 22:34)</strong></a> But he said: “I tell you, Peter, a rooster will not crow today until you have denied knowing me three times.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Luke 22:54-62)</strong></a> Then they arrested him and led him off, and they brought him into the house of the high priest; but Peter was following at a distance. <strong><sup>55 </sup></strong>When they lit a fire in the middle of the courtyard and sat down together, Peter was sitting among them. <strong><sup>56 </sup></strong>But a servant girl, seeing him sitting in the light of the fire, looked closely at him and said: “This man was also with him.” <strong><sup>57 </sup></strong>But he denied it, saying: “I do not know him, woman.” <strong><sup>58 </sup></strong>After a short time another person saw him and said: “You too are one of them.” But Peter said: “Man, I am not.” <strong><sup>59 </sup></strong>And after about an hour had passed, another man began insisting strongly: “Certainly this man was also with him, for he is, in fact, a Gal·i·leʹan!” <strong><sup>60 </sup></strong>But Peter said: “Man, I do not know what you are saying.” And instantly, while he was still speaking, a rooster crowed. <strong><sup>61 </sup></strong>At this the Lord turned and looked straight at Peter, and Peter recalled the statement of the Lord when he had said to him: “Before a rooster crows today, you will disown me three times.” <strong><sup>62 </sup></strong>And he went outside and wept bitterly.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Gal. 2:11-14)</strong></a> However, when Ceʹphas* came to Antioch, I resisted* him face-to-face, because he was clearly in the wrong.* <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>For before certain men from James arrived, he used to eat with people of the nations; but when they arrived, he stopped doing this and separated himself, fearing those of the circumcised class. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>The rest of the Jews also joined him in putting on this pretense,* so that even Barʹna·bas was led along with them in their pretense.* <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>But when I saw that they were not walking in step with the truth of the good news, I said to Ceʹphas* before them all: “If you, though you are a Jew, live as the nations do and not as Jews do, how can you compel people of the nations to live according to Jewish practice?”</p><p></p><p>Also called Peter.</p><p>Or “confronted.”</p><p>Or “he stood condemned.”</p><p>Or “hypocrisy.”</p><p>Or “hypocrisy.”</p><p>Also called Peter.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 1:5-8)</strong></a> For this very reason, put forth all earnest effort to supply to your faith virtue, to your virtue knowledge, <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>to your knowledge self-control, to your self-control endurance, to your endurance godly devotion, <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>to your godly devotion brotherly affection, to your brotherly affection love. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>For if these things exist in you and overflow, they will prevent you from being either inactive or unfruitful* regarding the accurate knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ.</p><p></p><p>Or “unproductive.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
