<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, July 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Saturday, July 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class = "themeScrp"><em>Let your petitions be made known to God; and the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and your mental powers.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 4:6, 7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">Perhaps there have been times in our life when we felt that we were following the leadings of God’s holy spirit, but then things did not turn out the way we expected. We came face-to-face with challenges or new circumstances that required massive changes in our life. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eccl. 9:11</a>) What can help us not to be anxious over anything and to experience “the peace of God”? Paul’s words to the Philippians show us that the antidote to worry is prayer. So when we are anxious, we need to turn our worries into prayers. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Pet. 5:6, 7</a>) Pray to Jehovah in full faith, knowing that he cares for you. Pray to him “with thanksgiving,” remembering your blessings. Our confidence in him will be strengthened when we keep in mind that he can “do more than superabundantly beyond all the things we ask or conceive.”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Eph. 3:20</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>9 ¶4,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation2"> 6;</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation3"> 10 ¶10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:6, 7)</strong></a> Do not be anxious over anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication along with thanksgiving, let your petitions be made known to God; <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>and the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and your mental powers* by means of Christ Jesus.</p><p></p><p>Or “your minds; your thoughts.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eccl. 9:11)</strong></a> I have seen something further under the sun, that the swift do not always win the race, nor do the mighty win the battle, nor do the wise always have the food, nor do the intelligent always have the riches, nor do those with knowledge always have success, because time and unexpected events* overtake them all.</p><p></p><p>Or “unforeseen occurrence.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:6, 7)</strong></a> Humble yourselves, therefore, under the mighty hand of God, so that he may exalt you in due time, <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>while you throw all your anxiety* on him, because he cares for you.</p><p></p><p>Or “cares; worries.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Eph. 3:20)</strong></a> Now to the one who can, according to his power that is operating in us, do more than superabundantly beyond all the things we ask or conceive,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
