<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, July 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Friday, July 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class = "themeScrp"><em>How good and how pleasant it is . . . to dwell together in unity!​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 133:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">An important way to promote unity is by showing love in imitation of Jehovah, the God of love. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 John 4:8</a>) Never would we want to say regarding fellow worshippers, “I may have to love them, but I do not have to like them”! To think that way is contrary to Paul’s counsel that we should be “putting up with one another in love.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eph. 4:2</a>) Note that he did not simply say that we should be “putting up with one another.” He added that we should do so “in love.” There is a difference. In our congregations are found all sorts of people whom Jehovah has drawn to him. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">John 6:44</a>) Since Jehovah has drawn them to him, he must find them lovable. How, then, could any of us judge a fellow worshipper as being unworthy of our love? We must not hold back the love that Jehovah commands us to display!​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 John 4:20, 21</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>16 ¶14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 133:1)</strong></a> Look! How good and how pleasant it is For brothers to dwell together in unity!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 John 4:8)</strong></a> Whoever does not love has not come to know God, because God is love.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:2)</strong></a> with all humility* and mildness, with patience, putting up with one another in love,</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 6:44)</strong></a> No man can come to me unless the Father, who sent me, draws him, and I will resurrect him on the last day.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 John 4:20, 21)</strong></a> If anyone says, “I love God,” and yet is hating his brother, he is a liar. For the one who does not love his brother, whom he has seen, cannot love God, whom he has not seen. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>And we have this commandment from him, that whoever loves God must also love his brother.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
