<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, July 31
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p92" data-pid="92">Wednesday, July 31</h2>
</header>
<p id="p93" data-pid="93" class = "themeScrp"><em>They will become one flesh.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 2:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p94" data-pid="94" class="p94">Marriage is sacred. Before God and eyewitnesses, the bride and groom exchange their marriage vows. They usually promise that they will love, cherish, and respect each other and that they will do so <em>“for as long as </em>[<em>they</em>] <em>both shall live together on earth according to God’s marital arrangement.” </em>Others may not have said these exact words, but they still made a vow before God. They are then pronounced husband and wife, and their marriage is meant to be a lifelong bond. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 7:39</a>) “Therefore,” to use Jesus’ words, “what God has yoked together, let no man put apart”​—neither the husband nor the wife nor anyone else. Thus, couples entering marriage must have the view that divorce is not an option. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Mark 10:9</a>) Of course, there has never been a perfect marriage. Each marriage is made up of two imperfect people. That is why the Bible says that married people “will have tribulation” at times.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 7:28</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>7 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p95" data-pid="95" class="p95"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 2:24)</strong></a> That is why a man will leave his father and his mother and he will stick to* his wife, and they will become one flesh.</p><p></p><p>Or “remain with.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:39)</strong></a> A wife is bound as long as her husband is alive. But if her husband should fall asleep in death, she is free to be married to whomever she wants, only in the Lord.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Mark 10:9)</strong></a> Therefore, what God has yoked together, let no man put apart.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:28)</strong></a> But even if you did marry, you would commit no sin. And if a virgin married, such a person would commit no sin. However, those who do will have tribulation in their flesh. But I am trying to spare you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
