<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, July 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019016"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53"><span id="page73" class="pageNum" data-no="73" data-before-text="73"></span>Thursday, July 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class = "themeScrp"><em>Jehovah, Jehovah, a God merciful and compassionate.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ex. 34:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">On one occasion, God revealed himself to Moses by declaring His own name and qualities. The first ones that he listed were mercy and compassion. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ex. 34:5-7</a>) Jehovah could have stressed his power or his wisdom. Yet, to Moses, who was seeking reassurance of God’s backing, Jehovah emphasized instead qualities that underscore his willingness to help his servants. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ex. 33:13</a>) While humans were created to be compassionate, our imperfection as descendants of Adam inclines us toward self-interest. Sometimes we may find that it is not easy to decide whether we will help others or concentrate on ourselves. For some, this is an ongoing conflict, or a balancing act. What can help you to develop and maintain your interest in others? First, take time to examine how Jehovah has shown compassion and how others have shown it. Second, consider how you can imitate God’s example and how your doing so is truly beneficial. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>8 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019016-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation2"> 9 ¶3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ex. 34:6)</strong></a> Jehovah was passing before him and declaring: “Jehovah, Jehovah, a God merciful and compassionate,* slow to anger and abundant in loyal love* and truth,*</p><p></p><p>Or “gracious.”</p><p>Or “loving-kindness.”</p><p>Or “faithfulness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ex. 34:5-7)</strong></a> Then Jehovah came down in the cloud and stationed himself with him there and declared the name of Jehovah. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>Jehovah was passing before him and declaring: “Jehovah, Jehovah, a God merciful and compassionate,* slow to anger and abundant in loyal love* and truth,* <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>showing loyal love to thousands, pardoning error and transgression and sin, but he will by no means leave the guilty unpunished, bringing punishment for the error of fathers upon sons and upon grandsons, upon the third generation and upon the fourth generation.”</p><p></p><p>Or “gracious.”</p><p>Or “loving-kindness.”</p><p>Or “faithfulness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ex. 33:13)</strong></a> Please, if I have found favor in your eyes, make me know your ways, so that I may know you and continue to find favor in your eyes. Consider, too, that this nation is your people.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
