<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, August 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50"><span id="page83" class="pageNum" data-no="83" data-before-text="83"></span>Saturday, August 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class = "themeScrp"><em>Honor your father and your mother.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 6:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">Training children to follow this command can be especially challenging if you have an unbelieving mate. Set the example by honoring your mate. Focus on his or her good qualities, and express appreciation for your mate. Avoid saying negative things about your mate in front of your children. Instead, explain to them that each person must choose whether to serve Jehovah. The children’s good conduct might help to draw the unbelieving parent to true worship. Some husbands may forbid the Christian wife to teach the children from the Bible or to take them with her to Christian meetings. Even so, a Christian wife does what she can to teach the children Bible truth. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 16:1;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 2 Tim. 3:14, 15</a>) While respecting his decisions, she can still express her faith in the presence of her children as opportunities arise, thus giving them moral training and knowledge about Jehovah.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 4:19, 20</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>14 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:2)</strong></a> “Honor your father and your mother” is the first command with a promise:</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 16:1)</strong></a> So he arrived at Derʹbe and also at Lysʹtra. And a disciple named Timothy was there, the son of a believing Jewish woman but of a Greek father,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:14, 15)</strong></a> You, however, continue in the things that you learned and were persuaded to believe, knowing from whom you learned them <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>and that from infancy you have known the holy writings, which are able to make you wise for salvation through faith in Christ Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 4:19, 20)</strong></a> But in reply Peter and John said to them: “Whether it is right in the sight of God to listen to you rather than to God, judge for yourselves. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>But as for us, we cannot stop speaking about the things we have seen and heard.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
