<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, August 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Monday, August 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class = "themeScrp">[<em>Jehovah</em>] <em>is patient with you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Pet. 3:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Humility is required of all true worshippers and brings great rewards. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 22:4</a>) Being humble will help us to promote peace and unity in the congregation. Developing and strengthening humility will also make us recipients of God’s undeserved kindness. The apostle Peter stated: “All of you clothe yourselves with humility toward one another, because God opposes the haughty ones, but he gives undeserved kindness to the humble ones.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Pet. 5:5</a>) In today’s world, people who are mild and patient are often considered weak. How far such reasoning is from the truth! These beautiful qualities originate from the most powerful Person in the universe. Jehovah God is the best example of showing <em>mildness </em>and <em>patience. </em>Consider how he responded through his angelic representatives when Abraham and Lot questioned him. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted19.xhtml#citation4">Gen. 18:22-33;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 19:18-21</a>) Also, for over 1,500 years, Jehovah put up with the wayward nation of Israel.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Ezek. 33:11</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>25 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 3:9)</strong></a> Jehovah* is not slow concerning his promise, as some people consider slowness, but he is patient with you because he does not desire anyone to be destroyed but desires all to attain to repentance.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 22:4)</strong></a> The result of humility and the fear of Jehovah Is riches and glory and life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:5)</strong></a> In the same way, you younger men, be in subjection to the older men.* But all of you clothe* yourselves with humility* toward one another, because God opposes the haughty ones, but he gives undeserved kindness to the humble ones.</p><p></p><p>Or “the elders.”</p><p>Or “gird.”</p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Gen. 19:18-21)</strong></a> Then Lot said to them: “Not there, please, Jehovah! <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Please, now, your servant has found favor in your eyes and you are showing great kindness* to me by preserving me* alive, but I am not able to flee to the mountainous region because I am afraid that disaster may overtake me and I will die. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>Please, now, this town is nearby and I can flee there; it is only a small place. May I, please, escape there? It is only a small place. Then I will survive.”* <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>So he said to him: “Very well, I will also show you consideration by not overthrowing the town you speak of.</p><p></p><p>Or “loyal love.”</p><p>Or “my soul.”</p><p>Or “my soul will live on.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ezek. 33:11)</strong></a> Tell them, ‘“As surely as I am alive,” declares the Sovereign Lord Jehovah, “I take no pleasure in the death of the wicked, but rather that someone wicked changes his way and keeps living. Turn back, turn back from your bad ways, for why should you die, O house of Israel?”’</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
