<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, August 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77"><span id="page86" class="pageNum" data-no="86" data-before-text="86"></span>Monday, August 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class = "themeScrp"><em>Simon son of John, do you love me more than these?​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 21:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">The resurrected Jesus, knowing that his disciples had not caught anything while fishing, said to them: “‘Cast the net on the right side of the boat and you will find some.’ So they cast it, but they were not able to haul it in because of the large number of fish.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 21:1-6</a>) After serving them breakfast, Jesus turned to Simon Peter and said the words of today’s text. To what was Jesus referring? Peter was quite attached to fishing. So it seems that Jesus was asking him where his true affection lay. Did he have greater affection for the fish and the fishing business than for Jesus and the things that he taught? In answer, Peter said: “Yes, Lord, you know I have affection for you.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 21:15</a>) Peter certainly lived up to his word. From that point forward, he proved his love for Christ by busying himself in the disciple-making work, becoming a pillar in the first-century Christian congregation. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>22 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 21:15)</strong></a> When they had finished breakfast, Jesus said to Simon Peter: “Simon son of John, do you love me more than these?” He replied to him: “Yes, Lord, you know I have affection for you.” He said to him: “Feed my lambs.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 21:1-6)</strong></a> After this Jesus manifested himself* again to the disciples, at the Sea of Ti·beʹri·as. He made the manifestation in this way. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>There were together Simon Peter, Thomas (who was called the Twin), Na·thanʹa·el from Caʹna of Galʹi·lee, the sons of Zebʹe·dee, and two others of his disciples. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Simon Peter said to them: “I am going fishing.” They said to him: “We are coming with you.” They went out and got aboard the boat, but during that night they caught nothing. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>However, just as day was breaking, Jesus stood on the beach, but the disciples did not realize that it was Jesus. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>Then Jesus said to them: “Children, you do not have anything to eat, do you?” They answered: “No!” <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>He said to them: “Cast the net on the right side of the boat and you will find some.” So they cast it, but they were not able to haul it in because of the large number of fish.</p><p></p><p>Or “appeared.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 21:15)</strong></a> When they had finished breakfast, Jesus said to Simon Peter: “Simon son of John, do you love me more than these?” He replied to him: “Yes, Lord, you know I have affection for you.” He said to him: “Feed my lambs.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
