<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, August 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Thursday, August 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class = "themeScrp"><em>God . . . energizes you, giving you both the desire and the power to act.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 2:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">Courageous men who are willing to take on more responsibility are a blessing to a congregation. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Tim. 3:1</a>) However, some may be reluctant to reach out. Perhaps a brother has made mistakes in the past, and now he feels that he is not worthy of being a ministerial servant or an elder. Another brother might have feelings of inadequacy about fulfilling an assignment. If you feel that way, Jehovah can help you develop courage. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Phil. 4:13</a>) Remember, at one point, Moses did not feel qualified for an assignment. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ex. 3:11</a>) Yet, Jehovah helped him, and in time, Moses developed courage to accomplish the work. A baptized brother can develop similar courage by seeking God’s help in earnest prayer and by daily reading the Bible. Meditating on accounts of courage will also help. He can humbly ask the elders for training and make himself available to help in whatever way is needed. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>32 ¶19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:13)</strong></a> For God is the one who for the sake of his good pleasure energizes you, giving you both the desire and the power to act.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 3:1)</strong></a> This statement is trustworthy: If a man is reaching out to be an overseer, he is desirous of a fine work.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:13)</strong></a> For all things I have the strength through the one who gives me power.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ex. 3:11)</strong></a> However, Moses said to the true God: “Who am I that I should go to Pharʹaoh and bring the Israelites out of Egypt?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
