<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, August 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Thursday, August 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class = "themeScrp"><em>What God has yoked together, let no man put apart.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 19:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">What if married life proves to be more challenging than expected? Suppose that it even seems disappointing. Reflect on Jehovah’s dealings with Israel. He referred to himself as being like a husband to that ancient nation. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 54:5;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 62:4</a>) What a difficult “marriage” that proved to be! Yet, Jehovah was not quick to give up on it. He repeatedly showed mercy toward the nation and loyalty to his covenant with them. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 106:43-45</a>) Are we not drawn to Jehovah by such loyal love? Accordingly, married couples who love Jehovah’s ways imitate him. They do not seek an unscriptural way out of a difficult marriage. They realize that Jehovah has yoked them together and that he wants them to “stick” to each other. The only Scriptural ground for divorce that might free one to remarry is sexual immorality. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 19:5,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 9</a>) By making the best of their situation and even seeking to improve it, they uphold Jehovah’s righteous way of ruling. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>31 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 19:6)</strong></a> So that they are no longer two, but one flesh. Therefore, what God has yoked together, let no man put apart.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 54:5)</strong></a> “For your Grand Maker is as your husband,* Jehovah of armies is his name, And the Holy One of Israel is your Repurchaser. He will be called the God of the whole earth.</p><p></p><p>Or “master.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 62:4)</strong></a> No more will you be called an abandoned woman, And your land will no longer be called desolate. But you will be called My Delight Is in Her, And your land will be called the Married One. For Jehovah will take delight in you, And your land will be as one married.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 106:43-45)</strong></a> Many times he rescued them, But they would rebel and disobey, And they would be brought low for their error. <strong><sup>44 </sup></strong>But he would see their distress And hear their cry for help. <strong><sup>45 </sup></strong>For their sake he would remember his covenant, And he would feel pity,* moved by his great* loyal love.</p><p></p><p>Or “feel regret.”</p><p>Or “abundant.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 19:5)</strong></a> and said: ‘For this reason a man will leave his father and his mother and will stick to his wife, and the two will be one flesh’?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Matt. 19:9)</strong></a> I say to you that whoever divorces his wife, except on the grounds of sexual immorality, and marries another commits adultery.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
