<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, August 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68"><span id="page85" class="pageNum" data-no="85" data-before-text="85"></span>Friday, August 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class = "themeScrp"><em>Your eyes will be opened and you will be like God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 3:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">Satan the Devil has raised the question of the rightfulness of Jehovah’s sovereignty. He contends that God’s rulership is corrupt and that Jehovah withholds the best from his creatures. According to the Devil, humans would be far happier and better off ruling themselves. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 3:1-4</a>) Satan has also implied that under sufficient pressure, anyone will reject Jehovah’s rulership. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Job 2:4, 5</a>) Jehovah is allowing time for human experience to reveal the unsavory truth about life outside of God’s righteous rule. Of course, Jehovah knows that the Devil’s allegations are false. So why has God chosen to allow the issue to go on, giving Satan time to try to prove his point? The answer involves all intelligent creatures. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 83:18</a>) After all, the first human couple rejected Jehovah’s rulership, and so have many others since then. This could lead some to wonder whether there might be validity to the Devil’s claim. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>22-23 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:5)</strong></a> For God knows that in the very day you eat from it, your eyes will be opened and you will be like God, knowing good and bad.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:1-4)</strong></a> Now the serpent was the most cautious* of all the wild animals of the field that Jehovah God had made. So it said to the woman: “Did God really say that you must not eat from every tree of the garden?” <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>At this the woman said to the serpent: “We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>But God has said about the fruit of the tree that is in the middle of the garden: ‘You must not eat from it, no, you must not touch it; otherwise you will die.’” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>At this the serpent said to the woman: “You certainly will not die.</p><p></p><p>Or “shrewdest; craftiest.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Job 2:4, 5)</strong></a> But Satan answered Jehovah: “Skin for skin. A man will give everything that he has for his life.* <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>But, for a change, stretch out your hand and strike his bone and flesh, and he will surely curse you to your very face.”</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 83:18)</strong></a> May people know that you, whose name is Jehovah, You alone are the Most High over all the earth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
