<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, August 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23"><span id="page80" class="pageNum" data-no="80" data-before-text="80"></span>Thursday, August 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class = "themeScrp"><em>O Jehovah, take my life away.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Ki. 19:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">The Bible reveals that faithful servants in the past often felt that they could not go on. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Job 7:7</a>) However, rather than give up, they looked to Jehovah for strength. They were not disappointed, for our God “gives power to the tired one.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 40:29</a>) Sadly, some of God’s people in our day have concluded that the best way to cope with the pressures of life is to ‘take a break from the truth,’ as they say, as if our Christian activities were a burden rather than a blessing. So they stop reading God’s Word, attending congregation meetings, and engaging in the field ministry​—just as Satan hopes they will do. The Devil well knows that our being fully engaged in Christian activities can strengthen us, and he does not want us to be strong. When you feel physically and emotionally drained, then, do not cut yourself off from Jehovah. Draw ever closer to him, for “he will make you firm, he will make you strong.”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Pet. 5:10;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Jas. 4:8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>7-8 ¶2-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 19:4)</strong></a> He went a day’s journey into the wilderness and came and sat down under a broom tree, and he asked that he* might die. He said: “It is enough! Now, O Jehovah, take my life* away, for I am no better than my forefathers.”</p><p></p><p>Or “his soul.”</p><p>Or “soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Job 7:7)</strong></a> Remember that my life is wind, That my eye will never again see happiness.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “see good.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 40:29)</strong></a> He gives power to the tired one And full might to those lacking strength.*</p><p></p><p>Or “dynamic energy.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:10)</strong></a> But after you have suffered a little while, the God of all undeserved kindness, who called you to his everlasting glory in union with Christ, will himself finish your training. He will make you firm, he will make you strong, he will firmly ground you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Jas. 4:8)</strong></a> Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners, and purify your hearts, you indecisive ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
