<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, August 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47">Friday, August 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class = "themeScrp"><em>The word of our God endures forever.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 40:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">Christians today need not think that the work of translating the <em>Septuagint, </em>Wycliffe’s Bible, the <em>King James Version, </em>or any other translation was inspired by God. Nevertheless, when we review the history of these and many other translations that have been published, it gives support to this fact: Just as Jehovah promised, his Word has endured. Does that not strengthen your faith that all the other promises Jehovah has made will likewise come true? (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Josh. 23:14</a>) Besides strengthening our faith, reviewing how the Bible has endured through the ages deepens our love for Jehovah. After all, why did he provide his Word in the first place? And why did he guarantee that it would survive? Because he loves us, and he wants to teach us how to benefit ourselves. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 48:17, 18</a>) Naturally, it is fitting that we respond to Jehovah’s love by loving him in return and by obeying his commandments.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 John 4:19;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 5:3</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>21-22 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 40:8)</strong></a> The green grass dries up, The blossom withers, But the word of our God endures forever.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Josh. 23:14)</strong></a> “Now look! I am about to die,* and you well know with all your heart and with all your soul* that not one word out of all the good promises that Jehovah your God has spoken to you has failed. They have all come true for you. Not one word of them has failed.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “I am going today in the way of all the earth.”</p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 48:17, 18)</strong></a> This is what Jehovah says, your Repurchaser, the Holy One of Israel: “I, Jehovah, am your God, The One teaching you to benefit yourself,* The One guiding you in the way you should walk. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>If only you would pay attention to my commandments! Then your peace would become just like a river And your righteousness like the waves of the sea.</p><p></p><p>Or “for your own good.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 John 4:19)</strong></a> We love, because he first loved us.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 John 5:3)</strong></a> For this is what the love of God means, that we observe his commandments; and yet his commandments are not burdensome,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
