<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, August 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page77" class="pageNum" data-no="77" data-before-text="77"></span><strong>August</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Thursday, August 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class = "themeScrp"><em>Not as I will, but as you will.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 26:39</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">To be good teachers, we first have to be good students. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Tim. 4:15, 16</a>) Likewise, those divinely authorized to give discipline must themselves continue to submit willingly to Jehovah’s guidance. Such humble submission earns them respect and gives them freeness of speech when training or correcting others. Consider Jesus’ example. Jesus always listened obediently to his Father, even when doing so was very difficult. And he gave his Father the credit for his teachings and wisdom. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 5:19,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 30</a>) Jesus’ humility and obedience drew people of honest heart to him and helped to make him a compassionate and gracious teacher. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 11:29</a>) His kind words heartened those who were figuratively like a bruised reed or the wick of an oil lamp about to go out. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Matt. 12:20</a>) Even when his patience was tested, Jesus was kind and loving. This was evident when he corrected his apostles for showing a selfish, ambitious spirit.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Mark 9:33-37;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> Luke 22:24-27</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>26 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:39)</strong></a> And going a little way forward, he fell facedown, praying: “My Father, if it is possible, let this cup pass away from me. Yet, not as I will, but as you will.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 4:15, 16)</strong></a> Ponder over* these things; be absorbed in them, so that your advancement may be plainly seen by all people. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>Pay constant attention to yourself and to your teaching. Persevere in these things, for by doing this you will save both yourself and those who listen to you.</p><p></p><p>Or “Meditate on.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 5:19)</strong></a> Therefore, in response Jesus said to them: “Most truly I say to you, the Son cannot do a single thing of his own initiative, but only what he sees the Father doing. For whatever things that One does, these things the Son does also in like manner.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 5:30)</strong></a> I cannot do a single thing of my own initiative. Just as I hear, I judge, and my judgment is righteous because I seek, not my own will, but the will of him who sent me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:29)</strong></a> Take my yoke upon you and learn from me,* for I am mild-tempered and lowly in heart, and you will find refreshment for yourselves.</p><p></p><p>Or “become my disciples (learners).”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Matt. 12:20)</strong></a> No bruised reed will he crush, and no smoldering wick will he extinguish, until he brings justice with success.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Mark 9:33-37)</strong></a> And they came into Ca·perʹna·um. Now when he was inside the house, he put the question to them: “What were you arguing about on the road?” <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>They kept silent, for on the road they had been arguing among themselves about who is greater. <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>So he sat down and called the Twelve and said to them: “If anyone wants to be first, he must be last of all and minister of all.” <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>Then he took a young child and stood him in their midst; and putting his arms around him, he said to them: <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>“Whoever receives one of such young children on the basis of my name receives me also; and whoever receives me receives not me only but also Him who sent me.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Luke 22:24-27)</strong></a> However, there also arose a heated dispute among them over which one of them was considered to be the greatest. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>But he said to them: “The kings of the nations lord it over them, and those having authority over them are called Benefactors. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>You, though, are not to be that way. But let the one who is the greatest among you become as the youngest, and the one taking the lead as the one ministering. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>For which one is greater, the one dining* or the one serving? Is it not the one dining?* But I am among you as the one serving.</p><p></p><p>Or “reclining at the table.”</p><p>Or “reclining at the table.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
