<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, August 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Wednesday, August 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class = "themeScrp"><em>Jehovah sees into the heart.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Sam. 16:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">How will you respond if the elders make a decision that you do not understand or perhaps do not agree with? Such a situation can test our faith in Jehovah and in his organizational arrangement. How will humility protect you if you face such a test? Consider two ways. First, humility will move us to acknowledge that we do not have all the facts. No matter how much we know of a situation, only Jehovah can read a person’s figurative heart. Our awareness of this undeniable truth will prompt us to be humble, to recognize our limitations, and to adjust our view of the matter. Second, humility will help us to be submissive and patient as we wait on Jehovah to correct any true injustice. It is as the wise man wrote: “It will not turn out well for the wicked one, nor will he prolong his days.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eccl. 8:12, 13</a>) Certainly, a humble response is in the best spiritual interests of all concerned.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Pet. 5:5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>25-26 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 16:7)</strong></a> But Jehovah said to Samuel: “Do not pay attention to his appearance and how tall he is, for I have rejected him. For the way man sees is not the way God sees, because mere man sees what appears to the eyes, but Jehovah sees into the heart.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eccl. 8:12, 13)</strong></a> Although a sinner may do bad a hundred times and still live a long time, yet I am aware that it will turn out well for those who fear the true God, because they fear him. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>But it will not turn out well for the wicked one, nor will he prolong his days that are like a shadow, because he does not fear God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:5)</strong></a> In the same way, you younger men, be in subjection to the older men.* But all of you clothe* yourselves with humility* toward one another, because God opposes the haughty ones, but he gives undeserved kindness to the humble ones.</p><p></p><p>Or “the elders.”</p><p>Or “gird.”</p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
