<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, August 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Sunday, August 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class = "themeScrp"><em>Become imitators of God, as beloved children.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 5:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">Humans were made in God’s image. Accordingly, because Jehovah is compassionate, interest in others’ well-being is rooted in human nature. Even those who do not know the true God often show compassion. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 1:27</a>) We find many accounts in the Bible where a sense of compassion shines through. Recall the account of the two prostitutes who argued before Solomon over which one of them was the actual mother of a child. When Solomon put them to the test by ordering that the baby be cut in half, the real mother’s compassion was stirred. That moved her to act, even at the cost of giving the child up to the other woman. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Ki. 3:23-27</a>) Or recall Pharaoh’s daughter who saved baby Moses’ life. Though she realized that the infant she had found was a child of the Hebrews and should not be kept alive, “she felt compassion for him” and decided to raise the child as her own.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ex. 2:5, 6</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>8-9 ¶2-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:1)</strong></a> Therefore, become imitators of God, as beloved children,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 1:27)</strong></a> And God went on to create the man in his image, in God’s image he created him; male and female he created them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 3:23-27)</strong></a> Finally the king said: “This one says, ‘This is my son, the living one, and your son is the dead one!’ and that one says, ‘No, your son is the dead one, and my son is the living one!’” <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>The king said: “Bring me a sword.” So they brought a sword to the king. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>The king then said: “Cut the living child in two, and give half to one woman and half to the other.” <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>At once the woman whose son was the living one pleaded with the king, for her compassions were stirred toward her son. She said: “Please, my lord! You should give her the living child! By no means put him to death!” But the other woman was saying: “He will be neither mine nor yours! Let them cut him in two!” <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>At that the king answered: “Give the living child to the first woman! By no means put him to death, for she is his mother.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ex. 2:5, 6)</strong></a> When Pharʹaoh’s daughter came down to bathe in the Nile, her female attendants were walking by the side of the Nile. And she caught sight of the basket in the middle of the reeds. She immediately sent her slave girl to get it. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>When she opened it, she saw the child, and the boy was crying. She felt compassion for him, but she said: “This is one of the children of the Hebrews.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
