<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, August 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5"><span id="page78" class="pageNum" data-no="78" data-before-text="78"></span>Friday, August 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class = "themeScrp"><em>Baptism, which corresponds to this, is also now saving you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 3:21</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">Peter was referring to Noah’s constructing of the ark. The ark provided undeniable visible evidence that Noah was devoted to the doing of God’s will. Noah faithfully fulfilled the work assignment that Jehovah had given him. Yes, visible acts of faith led to the preservation of Noah and his family through the Flood. Just as the ark amounted to evidence of Noah’s faith, baptism before onlookers provides visible evidence. It shows that a Christian disciple has dedicated himself to Jehovah on the basis of faith in Christ. Like Noah, dedicated disciples obediently carry on in the work that God has assigned them to do. Just as Noah was preserved through the Flood, loyal baptized ones will be preserved when the present wicked world meets its end. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Mark 13:10;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Rev. 7:9, 10</a>) This makes dedication and baptism very important. A person who needlessly delays getting baptized endangers his prospects for everlasting life. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>4 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:21)</strong></a> Baptism, which corresponds to this, is also now saving you (not by the removing of the filth of the flesh, but by the request to God for a good conscience), through the resurrection of Jesus Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Mark 13:10)</strong></a> Also, in all the nations, the good news has to be preached first.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:9, 10)</strong></a> After this I saw, and look! a great crowd, which no man was able to number, out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues,* standing before the throne and before the Lamb, dressed in white robes; and there were palm branches in their hands. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>And they keep shouting with a loud voice, saying: “Salvation we owe to our God, who is seated on the throne, and to the Lamb.”</p><p></p><p>Or “languages.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
