<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, August 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Sunday, August 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class = "themeScrp"><em>Noah walked with the true God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 6:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">Noah continued to do so for another 350 years after the Flood. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 9:28</a>) What a fine example of faith and obedience! We can imitate Noah’s faith and obedience by upholding God’s righteousness, by being no part of Satan’s world, and by keeping Kingdom interests in first place. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 6:33;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> John 15:19</a>) To be sure, our way of life does not win us the world’s approval. Indeed, even now, our firm stand for God’s laws, such as those concerning marriage and sexual morality, has led to negative publicity in some lands. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Mal. 3:17, 18</a>) Like Noah, however, we fear Jehovah, not men. We know that he alone gives everlasting life. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Luke 12:4, 5</a>) But what about you personally? Will you keep ‘walking with God,’ even when others mock or criticize you or when economic pressures test your faith in your Provider? If you imitate the faith and obedience of Noah, you can be confident that Jehovah will care for you.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Phil. 4:6, 7</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>4 ¶4,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation2"> 8;</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation3"> 5 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 6:9)</strong></a> This is the history of Noah. Noah was a righteous man. He proved himself faultless* among his contemporaries.* Noah walked with the true God.</p><p></p><p>Or “blameless.”</p><p>Lit., “his generations.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 9:28)</strong></a> Noah continued to live for 350 years after the Flood.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:33)</strong></a> “Keep on, then, seeking first the Kingdom and his righteousness, and all these other things will be added to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 15:19)</strong></a> If you were part of the world, the world would be fond of what is its own. Now because you are no part of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, for this reason the world hates you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Mal. 3:17, 18)</strong></a> “And they will be mine,” says Jehovah of armies, “in the day when I produce a special property.* I will show them compassion, just as a man shows compassion to his son who serves him. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>And you will again see the distinction between a righteous person and a wicked person, between one serving God and one not serving him.”</p><p></p><p>Or “a treasured possession.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Luke 12:4, 5)</strong></a> Moreover, I say to you, my friends, do not fear those who kill the body and after this are not able to do anything more. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>But I will show you whom to fear: Fear the One who after killing has authority to throw into Ge·henʹna. Yes, I tell you, fear this One.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:6, 7)</strong></a> Do not be anxious over anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication along with thanksgiving, let your petitions be made known to God; <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>and the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and your mental powers* by means of Christ Jesus.</p><p></p><p>Or “your minds; your thoughts.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
