<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, August 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86"><span id="page87" class="pageNum" data-no="87" data-before-text="87"></span>Thursday, August 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class = "themeScrp"><em>I was, in fact, kidnapped from the land of the Hebrews, and I have not done anything here for which they should put me in prison.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 40:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">Clearly, Joseph was the victim of injustice. He also stated that he was not guilty of the crime for which he was imprisoned. On that basis, he asked the cupbearer to mention him to Pharaoh. Why? He explained his goal: “In order to get me out of this place.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 40:14</a>) Were Joseph’s words those of a man who passively accepted his situation? Certainly not. He was keenly aware that he was the victim of many injustices. He clearly explained the facts to the cupbearer, who perhaps would be in a position to assist him. Note, however, that there is nothing in the Scriptures to indicate that Joseph ever told anyone​—not even Pharaoh—​that his brothers were his kidnappers. In fact, when his brothers came to Egypt and were reconciled with Joseph, Pharaoh welcomed them and invited them to make their home in Egypt and to enjoy “the best of all the land.”​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 45:16-20</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>20-21 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 40:15)</strong></a> I was, in fact, kidnapped from the land of the Hebrews, and I have not done anything here for which they should put me in prison.”*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the cistern; the pit.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 40:14)</strong></a> Nevertheless, you must remember me when things go well with you. Please show me loyal love and mention me to Pharʹaoh, in order to get me out of this place.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 45:16-20)</strong></a> The news reached the house of Pharʹaoh: “Joseph’s brothers have come!” It was good in the eyes of Pharʹaoh and his servants. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>So Pharʹaoh said to Joseph: “Tell your brothers, ‘Do this: Load your beasts of burden and go to the land of Caʹnaan, <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>and take your father and your households and come here to me. I will give you the good things of the land of Egypt, and you will eat* the richest* part of the land.’ <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>And you are commanded to tell them: ‘Do this: Take wagons from the land of Egypt for your children and your wives, and you must bring your father on one of them and come here. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>Do not worry about your belongings, for the best of all the land of Egypt is yours.’”</p><p></p><p>Or “live off.”</p><p>Or “fat.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
