<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, August 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Sunday, August 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class = "themeScrp"><em>Her face was no longer downcast.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Sam. 1:18</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">Hannah remained barren while Elkanah’s other wife, Peninnah, produced offspring. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Sam. 1:4-7</a>) Hannah was taunted by Peninnah “year after year.” That caused Hannah great anguish and distress. She sought relief by taking the matter to Jehovah in prayer. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Sam. 1:12</a>) She trusted that Jehovah would either put an end to her barrenness or fill the lack in some other way. Trials and tribulations will continue as long as we are imperfect and are in this system under Satan’s control. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 John 5:19</a>) How good it is to know, though, that Jehovah is “the God of all comfort”! (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Cor. 1:3</a>) One way that we can receive help to deal with our personal trials or tribulations is through prayer. Hannah poured out her heart to Jehovah. Similarly, in the face of tribulation, we need to do more than simply <em>mention </em>to Jehovah how we feel. We need to <em>supplicate him, </em>yes, to convey our feelings by praying intensely from the heart.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Phil. 4:6, 7</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>6 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 1:18)</strong></a> To this she said: “Let your servant find favor in your eyes.” And the woman went on her way and ate, and her face was no longer downcast.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 1:4-7)</strong></a> One day when El·kaʹnah offered a sacrifice, he gave portions to his wife Pe·ninʹnah as well as to all her sons and her daughters, <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>but to Hanʹnah he gave a special portion, because Hanʹnah was the one he loved; but Jehovah had not given her children.* <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>Moreover, her rival wife taunted her relentlessly in order to upset her because Jehovah had not given her children. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>That is what she would do year after year; whenever Hanʹnah went up to the house of Jehovah, her rival would taunt her so much that she would weep and not eat.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “had closed her womb.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 1:12)</strong></a> While she prayed for a long time before Jehovah, Eʹli was watching her mouth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 John 5:19)</strong></a> We know that we originate with God, but the whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 1:3)</strong></a> Praised be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of tender mercies and the God of all comfort,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:6, 7)</strong></a> Do not be anxious over anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication along with thanksgiving, let your petitions be made known to God; <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>and the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and your mental powers* by means of Christ Jesus.</p><p></p><p>Or “your minds; your thoughts.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
