<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, August 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Wednesday, August 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class = "themeScrp"><em>The heart knows its own bitterness, and no outsider can share in its joy.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 14:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">At times, only a bereaved person’s own heart grasps the full depth of the emotional pain, and it may be difficult for him to voice his innermost feelings. Even when someone does express how he feels, it is not always easy for others to understand what he is trying to say. Understandably, then, it can be difficult to know what to say to someone who is overwhelmed by grief. Often, the most helpful thing you can do is to “weep with those who weep.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 12:15</a>) If you find it difficult to say something in person, it may be easier to provide consolation by means of a sympathy card, an e-mail, a text message, or a letter. You could simply quote a comforting scripture, recall some memorable characteristic or quality of the deceased, or share a happy memory that you cherish. And do not underestimate the value of your prayers with and for a bereaved fellow Christian. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>14-16 ¶13-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 14:10)</strong></a> The heart knows its own bitterness,* And no outsider can share in its joy.</p><p></p><p>Or “the bitterness of its soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:15)</strong></a> Rejoice with those who rejoice; weep with those who weep.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
