<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, August 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59"><span id="page84" class="pageNum" data-no="84" data-before-text="84"></span>Tuesday, August 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class = "themeScrp"><em>The peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 4:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">Pray, and then you will receive the peace of God. But notice that “the peace of God . . . surpasses all understanding.” What does that mean? Some translators render this expression “surpasses all our dreams” or “excels all human planning.” Paul was, in effect, saying that “the peace of God” is more wonderful than can be imagined. So although from a human viewpoint we may not see a way out of our problems, Jehovah does, and he can do the unexpected. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Pet. 2:9</a>) How can we face challenges and still retain “the peace of God”? It is by maintaining a good relationship with our God, Jehovah. Such a relationship is possible only “by means of Christ Jesus,” who offered his life as a ransom sacrifice. The provision of that ransom is yet another one of the amazing works of our Father. Jehovah uses the ransom to cover our sins, enabling us to have a clean conscience and draw close to him.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 14:6;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Jas. 4:8;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 1 Pet. 3:21</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>10 ¶7;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation2"> 12 ¶15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:7)</strong></a> and the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and your mental powers* by means of Christ Jesus.</p><p></p><p>Or “your minds; your thoughts.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 2:9)</strong></a> So, then, Jehovah* knows how to rescue people of godly devotion out of trial, but to reserve unrighteous people to be destroyed* on the day of judgment,</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Lit., “cut off.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 14:6)</strong></a> Jesus said to him: “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Jas. 4:8)</strong></a> Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners, and purify your hearts, you indecisive ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:21)</strong></a> Baptism, which corresponds to this, is also now saving you (not by the removing of the filth of the flesh, but by the request to God for a good conscience), through the resurrection of Jesus Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
