<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, August 31
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p92" data-pid="92">Saturday, August 31</h2>
</header>
<p id="p93" data-pid="93" class = "themeScrp"><em>What God has yoked together, let no man put apart.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Mark 10:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p94" data-pid="94" class="p94">Many individuals in this world have a casual attitude toward marriage. When the relationship becomes strained, they just give up and walk out on their marriage mate. That, however, is not the Christian way. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 7:27</a>) Breaking one’s marriage vow is equivalent to lying to God, and God hates liars! (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Lev. 19:12;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Prov. 6:16-19</a>) Jehovah also hates a treacherous divorce. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Mal. 2:13-16</a>) Jesus taught that the only Scriptural ground for dissolving a marriage vow is when an innocent mate chooses not to forgive an adulterous partner. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Matt. 19:9;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> Heb. 13:4</a>) What, then, about separation? The Bible is clear on this too. (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">1 Cor. 7:10, 11</a>) The Bible does not set out grounds for marital separation. However, some married Christians have viewed certain situations as a reason for separation, such as the <em>extreme </em>endangerment of one’s life or spirituality by an abusive or apostate spouse. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>7 ¶14-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p95" data-pid="95" class="p95"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Mark 10:9)</strong></a> Therefore, what God has yoked together, let no man put apart.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:27)</strong></a> Are you bound to a wife? Stop seeking a release. Are you freed from a wife? Stop seeking a wife.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Lev. 19:12)</strong></a> You must not swear to a lie in my name and thus profane the name of your God. I am Jehovah.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 6:16-19)</strong></a> There are six things that Jehovah hates; Yes, seven things that he* detests: <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Haughty eyes, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood, <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>A heart plotting wicked schemes, and feet that run quickly to evil, <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>A false witness who lies with every breath, And anyone sowing contentions among brothers.</p><p></p><p>Or “his soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Mal. 2:13-16)</strong></a> “And there is another* thing that you do, which results in covering the altar of Jehovah with tears and with weeping and sighing, so that he no longer pays attention to your gift offering or looks favorably on anything from your hand. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>And you say, ‘For what reason?’ It is because Jehovah has acted as a witness between you and the wife of your youth, with whom you have dealt treacherously, although she is your partner and your wife by covenant.* <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>But there was one who did not do it, for he had what remained of the spirit. And what was that one seeking? The offspring* of God. So guard yourselves respecting your spirit, and do not deal treacherously with the wife of your youth. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>For I hate* divorce,” says Jehovah the God of Israel, “and the one who covers his garment with violence,”* says Jehovah of armies. “And guard yourselves respecting your spirit, and you must not deal treacherously.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “a second.”</p><p>Or “your legal wife.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Lit., “he hates.”</p><p>Or “who engages in violence.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Matt. 19:9)</strong></a> I say to you that whoever divorces his wife, except on the grounds of sexual immorality, and marries another commits adultery.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:4)</strong></a> Let marriage be honorable among all, and let the marriage bed be without defilement, for God will judge sexually immoral people* and adulterers.</p><p></p><p>See Glossary, “Sexual immorality.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 7:10, 11)</strong></a> To the married people I give instructions, not I but the Lord, that a wife should not separate from her husband. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>But if she does separate, let her remain unmarried or else be reconciled with her husband; and a husband should not leave his wife.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
