<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, August 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89">Friday, August 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class = "themeScrp"><em>O the depth of God’s riches and wisdom and knowledge! How unsearchable his judgments are and beyond tracing out his ways are!​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 11:33</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">One reason why Jehovah is the rightful Sovereign is because he has the knowledge and wisdom needed to care for the universe. Consider, for example, the fact that God enabled his Son to heal diseases that doctors could not cure. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 4:23, 24;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Mark 5:25-29</a>) From Jehovah’s standpoint, this was no miracle. He understands the processes involved and has the ability to undo any damage. The same is true with regard to his ability to raise the dead and prevent natural disasters. The world under Satan’s influence is still searching for a way to settle national and international disputes. Jehovah alone has the wisdom to bring about world peace. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Isa. 2:3, 4;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 54:13</a>) As we learn of Jehovah’s knowledge and wisdom, we feel as did the apostle Paul, who wrote under inspiration the words of today’s text. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>28 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 11:33)</strong></a> O the depth of God’s riches and wisdom and knowledge! How unsearchable his judgments are and beyond tracing out his ways are!</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 4:23, 24)</strong></a> Then he went throughout the whole of Galʹi·lee, teaching in their synagogues and preaching the good news of the Kingdom and curing every sort of disease and every sort of infirmity among the people. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>And the report about him spread throughout all Syria, and they brought him all those who were suffering with various diseases and torments, those who were demon-possessed and epileptic and paralyzed, and he cured them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Mark 5:25-29)</strong></a> Now there was a woman who had had a flow of blood for 12 years. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>She had suffered much at the hands of many physicians and had spent all her resources, and she was no better but, rather, had become worse. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>When she heard the reports about Jesus, she came up behind him in the crowd and touched his outer garment, <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>for she kept saying: “If I touch just his outer garments, I will get well.”* <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>And immediately her flow of blood dried up, and she sensed in her body that she had been healed of the grievous sickness.</p><p></p><p>Or “will be saved.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 2:3, 4)</strong></a> And many peoples will go and say: “Come, let us go up to the mountain of Jehovah, To the house of the God of Jacob. He will instruct us about his ways, And we will walk in his paths.” For law* will go out of Zion, And the word of Jehovah out of Jerusalem.  <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>He will render judgment among the nations And set matters straight* respecting many peoples. They will beat their swords into plowshares And their spears into pruning shears. Nation will not lift up sword against nation, Nor will they learn war anymore.</p><p></p><p>Or “instruction.”</p><p>Or “correct matters.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Isa. 54:13)</strong></a> And all your sons* will be taught by Jehovah, And the peace of your sons* will be abundant.</p><p></p><p>Or “children.”</p><p>Or “children.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
