<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, August 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Friday, August 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class = "themeScrp"><em>Jehovah . . . brings down to the Grave, and he raises up.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Sam. 2:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">The second resurrection related in the Scriptures was performed by the prophet Elisha. A prominent Israelite woman in Shunem showed Elisha exceptional hospitality. Through the prophet, God rewarded this childless woman and her elderly husband with a son. Some years later, the boy died. Imagine the mother’s crushing grief. With her husband’s permission, she traveled about 19 miles (30 km) to Elisha at Mount Carmel. The prophet sent his attendant Gehazi back to Shunem ahead of them. Gehazi was not able to bring the dead boy back to life. Then the grieving mother arrived with Elisha. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted9.xhtml#citation2">2 Ki. 4:8-31</a>) There by the body at the house in Shunem, Elisha prayed. Miraculously, the dead boy came to life and was reunited with his now elated mother! (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Ki. 4:32-37</a>) Clearly, God in a very literal way raised up the boy in Shunem, proving His ability to resurrect. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.12 </em>4 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 2:6)</strong></a> Jehovah kills, and he preserves life;* He brings down to the Grave,* and he raises up.</p><p></p><p>Or “brings to life.”</p><p>Or “Sheol,” that is, the common grave of mankind. See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Ki. 4:32-37)</strong></a> When E·liʹsha came into the house, the boy was lying dead on his bed. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>He went in and closed the door behind them both and began to pray to Jehovah. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>Then he got up on the bed and lay down on the child and put his own mouth on the boy’s mouth, his own eyes on his eyes, and his own palms on his palms and kept bent over him, and the child’s body started to grow warm. <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>He walked back and forth in the house, and he got up on the bed and bent over him again. The boy sneezed seven times, after which he opened his eyes. <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>E·liʹsha now called Ge·haʹzi and said: “Call the Shuʹnam·mite woman.” So he called her and she came in to him. Then he said: “Pick up your son.” <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>And she came in and fell at his feet and bowed down to the ground before him, after which she picked up her son and went out.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
