<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, August 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38">Tuesday, August 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class = "themeScrp"><em>It is good to sing praises to our God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 147:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">You may feel embarrassed when comparing your voice with others. That, however, should not interfere with your responsibility to sing praises to Jehovah. Rather, hold your songbook up high, lift your head, and sing with heartfelt expression! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ezra 3:11</a>) Today, in many Kingdom Halls, the words of the songs are shown on screens, which helps us to sing out. It is also of interest that the singing of Kingdom songs has been made part of the Kingdom Ministry School curriculum for elders. This emphasizes the need for elders to take the lead in congregation singing. One factor that keeps many from singing with a full voice is fear. It may be fear of possibly sounding unpleasant to others. However, we should keep in mind that when we speak, “we all stumble many times.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Jas. 3:2</a>) Yet, that does not stop us from speaking. So why should we let our imperfect singing voices stop us from praising Jehovah in song? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>4-5 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 147:1)</strong></a> Praise Jah!* It is good to sing praises* to our God; How pleasant and fitting it is to praise him!</p><p></p><p>Or “Hallelujah!” “Jah” is a shortened form of the name Jehovah.</p><p>Or “make music.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ezra 3:11)</strong></a> And they began to sing in response by praising and giving thanks to Jehovah, “for he is good; his loyal love toward Israel endures forever.” Then all the people shouted with a loud shout of praise to Jehovah because the foundation of the house of Jehovah had been laid.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jas. 3:2)</strong></a> For we all stumble* many times. If anyone does not stumble in word, he is a perfect man, able to bridle also his whole body.</p><p></p><p>Or “make mistakes.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
