<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, August 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Monday, August 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class = "themeScrp"><em>O God, I thank you that I am not like everyone else.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 18:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">Why were the Pharisees so unwilling to show mercy? The Bible says that they “considered others as nothing.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 18:9-14</a>) Imitate Jehovah, not the Pharisees. Show compassion. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Col. 3:13</a>) One way to do so is to make it easy for others to seek your forgiveness. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Luke 17:3, 4</a>) Ask yourself: ‘Is my forgiveness within reach of people who have wronged me, even repeatedly? Am I <em>eager </em>to restore peace with someone who has offended me or who has hurt me?’ Forgiveness is really a test of humility. The Pharisees failed that test because they considered others to be inferior. As Christians, however, we must humbly “consider others superior” to us, as worthy of our forgiveness. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Phil. 2:3</a>) Will you imitate Jehovah and pass the test of humility? Keep the “road” to your forgiveness open and in good repair. Be quick to extend mercy and slow to take offense.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Eccl. 7:8, 9</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>14-15 ¶6-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 18:11)</strong></a> The Pharisee stood and began to pray these things to himself, ‘O God, I thank you that I am not like everyone else—extortioners, unrighteous, adulterers—or even like this tax collector.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 18:9-14)</strong></a> He also told this illustration to some who trusted in their own righteousness and who considered others as nothing: <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>“Two men went up into the temple to pray, the one a Pharisee and the other a tax collector. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>The Pharisee stood and began to pray these things to himself, ‘O God, I thank you that I am not like everyone else—extortioners, unrighteous, adulterers—or even like this tax collector. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>I fast twice a week; I give the tenth of all things I acquire.’ <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>But the tax collector, standing at a distance, was not willing even to raise his eyes heavenward but kept beating his chest, saying, ‘O God, be gracious to me, a sinner.’ <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>I tell you, this man went down to his home and was proved more righteous than that Pharisee. Because everyone who exalts himself will be humiliated, but whoever humbles himself will be exalted.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Col. 3:13)</strong></a> Continue putting up with one another and forgiving one another freely even if anyone has a cause for complaint against another. Just as Jehovah* freely forgave you, you must also do the same.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 17:3, 4)</strong></a> Pay attention to yourselves. If your brother commits a sin, rebuke him, and if he repents, forgive him. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Even if he sins seven times a day against you and he comes back to you seven times, saying, ‘I repent,’ you must forgive him.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:3)</strong></a> Do nothing out of contentiousness or out of egotism, but with humility* consider others superior to you,</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Eccl. 7:8, 9)</strong></a> Better is the end of a matter than its beginning. Better to be patient than to be haughty in spirit. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Do not be quick* to take offense, for the taking of offense lodges in the bosom of fools.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “hurry in your spirit.”</p><p>Or possibly, “is the mark of a fool.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
