<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, August 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14"><span id="page79" class="pageNum" data-no="79" data-before-text="79"></span>Monday, August 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class = "themeScrp"><em>A physical man does not accept the things of the spirit of God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 2:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">The world has a predominant attitude that centers on the flesh. Paul describes it as “the spirit that is now at work in the sons of disobedience.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 2:2</a>) This spirit influences most humans to adopt a common attitude​—simply follow the crowd. As a result, the majority of them do what feels right in their own eyes and make no effort to live up to God’s standards. A physical person is often excessively concerned about prestige and material pursuits or about defending what he feels are his rights. People who engage in any of “the works of the flesh” fall into that category. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gal. 5:19-21</a>) A fleshly attitude includes: promoting divisions, taking sides, fostering dissensions, taking one another to court, showing a lack of appreciation for headship, and being self-indulgent in food and drink. When confronted with temptation, the fleshly-minded person weakens and gives in.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Prov. 7:21, 22</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>19 ¶3-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 2:14)</strong></a> But a physical man does not accept* the things of the spirit of God, for they are foolishness to him; and he cannot get to know them, because they are examined spiritually.</p><p></p><p>Or “receive.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 2:2)</strong></a> in which you at one time walked according to the system of things* of this world, according to the ruler of the authority of the air, the spirit that is now at work in the sons of disobedience.</p><p></p><p>Or “the course.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gal. 5:19-21)</strong></a> Now the works of the flesh are plainly seen, and they are sexual immorality,* uncleanness, brazen conduct,* <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>idolatry, spiritism,* hostility, strife, jealousy, fits of anger, dissensions, divisions, sects, <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>envy, drunkenness, wild parties,* and things like these. I am forewarning you about these things, the same way I already warned you, that those who practice such things will not inherit God’s Kingdom.</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>por·neiʹa. </em>See Glossary.</p><p>Or “shameless conduct.” Greek, <em>a·selʹgei·a. </em>See Glossary.</p><p>Or “sorcery; druggery.”</p><p>Or “revelries.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 7:21, 22)</strong></a> She misleads him with great persuasiveness. She seduces him with smooth speech. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>Suddenly he goes after her, like a bull to the slaughter, Like a fool to be punished in the stocks,*</p><p></p><p>Or “fetters.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
