<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, August 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Wednesday, August 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class = "themeScrp"><em>Honor Jehovah with your valuable things.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 3:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">Jehovah is a generous God. Everything we have is from him. Jehovah owns all the gold and silver along with all other natural resources of the earth, and he uses them to provide what is needed to sustain life. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 104:13-15;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Hag. 2:8</a>) For 40 years, Jehovah supplied manna and water for the nation of Israel while they were in the wilderness. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ex. 16:35;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Neh. 9:20, 21</a>) Through the prophet Elisha, Jehovah performed the miracle of multiplying the small quantity of oil for a faithful widow. God’s gift enabled her to pay off her debts and after that to have enough money for her and her sons to live on. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">2 Ki. 4:1-7</a>) With Jehovah’s support, Jesus miraculously provided food and even money when needed. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Matt. 15:35-38;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> 17:27</a>) Jehovah has access to unlimited resources that can sustain his earthly creation. However, he still invites his servants to use their material things to support the work of his organization.​—<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">Ex. 36:3-7</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>17 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 3:9)</strong></a> Honor Jehovah with your valuable things, With the firstfruits* of all your produce;*</p><p></p><p>Or “very best.”</p><p>Or “income.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 104:13-15)</strong></a> He is watering the mountains from his upper rooms. With the fruitage of your works the earth is satisfied. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>He is making grass grow for the cattle And vegetation for mankind’s use, To grow food from the land <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>And wine that makes man’s heart rejoice, Oil that makes the face shine, And bread that sustains the heart of mortal man.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Hag. 2:8)</strong></a> “‘The silver is mine, and the gold is mine,’ declares Jehovah of armies.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ex. 16:35)</strong></a> The Israelites ate the manna for 40 years, until they came to a land that was inhabited. They ate the manna until they came to the frontier of the land of Caʹnaan.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Neh. 9:20, 21)</strong></a> And you gave your good spirit to give them insight, and you did not hold back your manna from their mouth, and you gave them water when they were thirsty. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>For 40 years you provided them with food in the wilderness. They lacked nothing. Their garments did not wear out, and their feet did not become swollen.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(2 Ki. 4:1-7)</strong></a> Now one of the wives of the sons of the prophets cried out to E·liʹsha, saying: “Your servant my husband is dead, and you well know that your servant had always feared Jehovah. Now a creditor has come to take both of my children as his slaves.” <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>At this E·liʹsha said to her: “What can I do for you? Tell me, what do you have in the house?” She replied: “Your servant has nothing at all in the house but a jar* of oil.” <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Then he said: “Go outside, ask for containers from all your neighbors, empty containers. Do not limit yourself to a few. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Then go in and close the door behind you and your sons. Fill all these containers, and set the full ones aside.” <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>So she left him. When she closed the door behind her and her sons, they passed the containers to her, and she kept pouring. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>When the containers were full, she said to one of her sons: “Bring another container to me.” But he said to her: “There are no more containers.” At that the oil stopped. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>So she came in and told the man of the true God, and he said: “Go, sell the oil and pay off your debts, and you and your sons can live from what is left.”</p><p></p><p>Or “spouted jar.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Matt. 15:35-38)</strong></a> So after instructing the crowd to recline on the ground, <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>he took the seven loaves and the fish, and after offering thanks, he broke them and began giving them to the disciples, and the disciples gave them to the crowds. <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>And all ate and were satisfied, and they took up seven large baskets full of leftover fragments. <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>Now those eating were 4,000 men, as well as women and young children.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Matt. 17:27)</strong></a> But that we do not cause them to stumble, go to the sea, cast a fishhook, and take the first fish that comes up, and when you open its mouth, you will find a silver coin. Take that and give it to them for me and you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Ex. 36:3-7)</strong></a> Then they took from Moses all the contribution that the Israelites had brought for the work of the holy service. However, these continued to bring him voluntary offerings, morning after morning. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Then after they started the holy work, all the skilled workers were coming, one after another, <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>and they were telling Moses: “The people are bringing much more than what is required for the work that Jehovah has commanded to be done.” <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>So Moses commanded that an announcement be made throughout the camp, saying: “Men and women, do not bring any more goods for the holy contribution.” With that the people were restrained from bringing in anything else. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>The goods were enough for all the work to be done, and more than enough.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
