<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, August 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8">Saturday, August 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class = "themeScrp"><em>Foolishness is bound up in the heart of a boy.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 22:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">Some parents may conclude, ‘As long as my child is not baptized, he cannot be disfellowshipped.’ Why is this deceptive reasoning? (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jas. 1:22</a>) Understandably, Christian parents would not want their child to get baptized before being mature enough to make a valid dedication. However, it would be a mistake to conclude that by not being baptized, a child is not accountable to Jehovah. Why is that? Accountability to Jehovah is not founded on the act of getting baptized. Rather, a child is accountable to God when the child knows what is right and what is wrong in Jehovah’s eyes. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Jas. 4:17</a>) Thus, rather than discourage a child from getting baptized, wise parents work hard to set the right example. They want to cultivate in their child from infancy a heartfelt appreciation for Jehovah’s elevated moral standards. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Luke 6:40</a>) Such appreciation is the best protection, for your child will be motivated to hold to Jehovah’s righteous way.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Isa. 35:8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>11 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 22:15)</strong></a> Foolishness is bound up in the heart of a boy,* But the rod of discipline will remove it far from him.</p><p></p><p>Or “child; youth.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:22)</strong></a> However, become doers of the word and not hearers only, deceiving yourselves with false reasoning.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jas. 4:17)</strong></a> Therefore, if someone knows how to do what is right and yet does not do it, it is a sin for him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 6:40)</strong></a> A student* is not above his teacher, but everyone who is perfectly instructed will be like his teacher.</p><p></p><p>Or “disciple.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Isa. 35:8)</strong></a> And a highway will be there, Yes, a way called the Way of Holiness. The unclean one will not travel on it. It is reserved for the one walking on the way; No one foolish will stray onto it.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
