<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, August 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Saturday, August 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class = "themeScrp"><em>Foolishness is bound up in the heart of a child.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 22:15</a></em><em>, ftn.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">Logically, then, wisdom​—the opposite of foolishness—​would be one evidence of maturity. Spiritual maturity is not determined primarily by age but by a person’s healthy fear of Jehovah and readiness to obey his commands. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 111:10</a>) Young ones who are reasonably mature spiritually are not “tossed about as by waves and carried here and there” by their desires or by pressure from their peers. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eph. 4:14</a>) Rather, they are making progress in having “their powers of discernment trained to distinguish both right and wrong.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Heb. 5:14</a>) They demonstrate that they are progressing toward maturity by making wise decisions. That kind of wisdom is necessary for salvation. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Prov. 24:14</a>) Therefore, make sure that you clearly state your Bible-based values to your children. By your words and by your example, let them know that the values found in God’s Word are also your values.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Rom. 2:21-23</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.12 </em>20-21 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 22:15)</strong></a> Foolishness is bound up in the heart of a boy,* But the rod of discipline will remove it far from him.</p><p></p><p>Or “child; youth.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 111:10)</strong></a> The fear of Jehovah is the beginning of wisdom. All those observing his orders* show good insight. His praise endures forever.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “them.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:14)</strong></a> So we should no longer be children, tossed about as by waves and carried here and there by every wind of teaching by means of the trickery of men, by means of cunning in deceptive schemes.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 5:14)</strong></a> But solid food belongs to mature people, to those who through use have their powers of discernment* trained to distinguish both right and wrong.</p><p></p><p>Or “their perceptive powers.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Prov. 24:14)</strong></a> Likewise, know that wisdom is good for you.* If you find it, you will have a future And your hope will not be cut off.</p><p></p><p>Or “is sweet to your soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rom. 2:21-23)</strong></a> do you, however, the one teaching someone else, not teach yourself? You, the one preaching, “Do not steal,” do you steal? <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>You, the one saying, “Do not commit adultery,” do you commit adultery? You, the one abhorring idols, do you rob temples? <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>You who take pride in law, do you dishonor God by your transgressing of the Law?</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
