<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, August 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Tuesday, August 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class = "themeScrp"><em>Men will be . . . lovers of pleasures.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Tim. 3:2,</a></em><span id="citationsource2"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2"> 4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">There is nothing wrong with a balanced view of pleasures. Jehovah does not want us to practice severe self-denial or to abstain from wholesome activities that bring enjoyment. The Bible encourages faithful ones: “Go, eat your food with rejoicing, and drink your wine with a cheerful heart.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eccl. 9:7</a>) <span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Second Timothy 3:4</a> refers to a pursuit of pleasures that excludes God. Notice that the verse does not say that people would love pleasures <em>more </em>than God, implying that they would have some love for him. It says <em>‘rather </em>than God.’ One scholar wrote: “This [verse] definitely does not mean that they also love God to some extent. It means that they do not love God at all.” What a sobering warning to those who are nurturing an inordinate love of pleasures! The phrase “lovers of pleasures” aptly describes those who are “carried away by . . . pleasures of this life.”​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Luke 8:14</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>25 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:2)</strong></a> For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, disloyal,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:4)</strong></a> betrayers, headstrong, puffed up with pride, lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eccl. 9:7)</strong></a> Go, eat your food with rejoicing, and drink your wine with a cheerful heart, for already the true God has found pleasure in your works.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:4)</strong></a> betrayers, headstrong, puffed up with pride, lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Luke 8:14)</strong></a> As for that which fell among the thorns, these are the ones who have heard, but by being carried away by anxieties, riches, and pleasures of this life, they are completely choked and bring nothing to maturity.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
