<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, August 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019017"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71">Saturday, August 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class = "themeScrp"><em>Go . . . make disciples of people.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 28:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">Disciple-making is an educational experience that teaches you good work habits, communication skills, confidence, and tact. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 21:5;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 2 Tim. 2:24</a>, ftn.) But making disciples is especially joyful because it helps you to become more familiar with the Scriptural basis for your faith. You also learn how to work closely with Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 3:9</a>) You can enjoy making disciples even if few people in your territory respond to the good news. Making disciples is teamwork. The whole congregation searches for sincere ones. Although only one brother or sister may find the person who eventually becomes a disciple, all shared in the search and all can share in the joy. For example, Brandon spent nine years pioneering in unresponsive territory. He says: “It’s true that I have never found anyone in the territory who progressed to baptism, but others have. I’m glad I planned to share fully in the disciple-making work.”​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Eccl. 11:6</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>23 ¶7;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019017-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation2"> 24 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 21:5)</strong></a> The plans of the diligent surely lead to success,* But all who are hasty surely head for poverty.</p><p></p><p>Or “advantage.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 2:24)</strong></a> For a slave of the Lord does not need to fight, but needs to be gentle* toward all, qualified to teach, showing restraint when wronged,</p><p></p><p>Or “tactful.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 3:9)</strong></a> For we are God’s fellow workers. You are God’s field under cultivation, God’s building.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Eccl. 11:6)</strong></a> Sow your seed in the morning and do not let your hand rest until the evening; for you do not know which will have success, whether this one or that one, or whether they will both do well.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
