<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, September 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74"><span id="page96" class="pageNum" data-no="96" data-before-text="96"></span>Wednesday, September 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class = "themeScrp"><em>Make friends for yourselves by means of the unrighteous riches.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 16:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">No one disputes that billions of people are desperately poor, while others have enough wealth to last for many lifetimes. Jesus understood that the current economic system would not change until God’s Kingdom comes. Along with the political and religious elements, the greedy commercial system, represented by “the merchants” of <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Revelation 18:3</a>, constitutes part of Satan’s world. Unlike the complete separation that God’s people maintain from politics and false religion, most cannot separate themselves completely from the commercial part of Satan’s world. As Christians, we do well to examine our view of today’s commercial system by asking ourselves such questions as these: ‘How can I use my material possessions to show faithfulness to God? How can I minimize involvement with the commercial world? What experiences show that God’s people fully trust in him in this challenging environment?’ <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>7-8 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 16:9)</strong></a> “Also, I say to you: Make friends for yourselves by means of the unrighteous riches, so that when such fail, they may receive you into the everlasting dwelling places.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 18:3)</strong></a> For because of the wine of the passion* of her sexual immorality,* all the nations have fallen victim, and the kings of the earth committed sexual immorality with her, and the merchants* of the earth became rich owing to the power of her shameless luxury.”</p><p></p><p>Or “anger.”</p><p>Greek, <em>por·neiʹa. </em>See Glossary.</p><p>Or “traveling merchants.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
