<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, September 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23">Sunday, September 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class = "themeScrp"><em>Choose life so that you may live, you and your descendants.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Deut. 30:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">More is involved than simply <em>telling </em>your children what is right and what is wrong. You would also do well to help them reason on such questions as: ‘Why does the Bible forbid things that can be appealing to the flesh? What convinces me that Bible standards are always for my own good?’ (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 48:17, 18</a>) A child who expresses interest in getting baptized should be helped to reason on yet another matter​—how he or she feels about the responsibilities that come with being a Christian. What are the benefits? What are the costs? How do the benefits greatly outweigh the costs? (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Mark 10:29, 30</a>) Those are issues that one is likely to face after baptism. Therefore, it is crucial to think these matters through before taking that serious step. When children are helped to consider these things deeply, they are more likely to develop a personal conviction. Which one? That Bible standards are <em>always </em>in their best interests. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.12 </em>21 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Deut. 30:19)</strong></a> I take the heavens and the earth as witnesses against you today that I have put life and death before you, the blessing and the curse; and you must choose life so that you may live, you and your descendants,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 48:17, 18)</strong></a> This is what Jehovah says, your Repurchaser, the Holy One of Israel: “I, Jehovah, am your God, The One teaching you to benefit yourself,* The One guiding you in the way you should walk. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>If only you would pay attention to my commandments! Then your peace would become just like a river And your righteousness like the waves of the sea.</p><p></p><p>Or “for your own good.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Mark 10:29, 30)</strong></a> Jesus said: “Truly I say to you, no one has left house or brothers or sisters or mother or father or children or fields for my sake and for the sake of the good news <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>who will not get 100 times more now in this period of time*—houses, brothers, sisters, mothers, children, and fields, with persecutions—and in the coming system of things, everlasting life.</p><p></p><p>Or “in the present time.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
