<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, September 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Friday, September 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class = "themeScrp"><em>Jehovah knows how to rescue people of godly devotion out of trial.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Pet. 2:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">As we search the Scriptures, time and again we find examples of Jehovah doing the unexpected. King Hezekiah lived at a time when King Sennacherib of Assyria invaded Judah and captured all the fortified cities, with the exception of Jerusalem. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Ki. 18:1-3,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 13</a>) Then, Sennacherib turned his attention to Jerusalem. What did King Hezekiah do when faced with this imminent threat? He approached Jehovah in prayer and turned to Jehovah’s prophet Isaiah for advice. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Ki. 19:5,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 15-20</a>) Hezekiah also tried to show his reasonableness by paying the fine that Sennacherib imposed on him. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">2 Ki. 18:14, 15</a>) In time, Hezekiah made preparations for a long siege. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">2 Chron. 32:2-4</a>) But how was the situation resolved? Jehovah sent an angel to destroy 185,000 of Sennacherib’s soldiers in one night. Truly, not even Hezekiah expected that to happen!​—<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">2 Ki. 19:35</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>10 ¶7;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation2"> 11 ¶12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 2:9)</strong></a> So, then, Jehovah* knows how to rescue people of godly devotion out of trial, but to reserve unrighteous people to be destroyed* on the day of judgment,</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Lit., “cut off.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Ki. 18:1-3)</strong></a> In the third year of Ho·sheʹa the son of Eʹlah the king of Israel, Hez·e·kiʹah the son of King Aʹhaz of Judah became king. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>He was 25 years old when he became king, and he reigned for 29 years in Jerusalem. His mother’s name was Aʹbi* the daughter of Zech·a·riʹah. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>He kept doing what was right in Jehovah’s eyes, just as David his forefather had done.</p><p></p><p>An abbreviated form of Abijah.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Ki. 18:13)</strong></a> In the 14th year of King Hez·e·kiʹah, Sen·nachʹer·ib the king of As·syrʹi·a came up against all the fortified cities of Judah and captured them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Ki. 19:5)</strong></a> So the servants of King Hez·e·kiʹah went in to Isaiah,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Ki. 19:15-20)</strong></a> And Hez·e·kiʹah began to pray before Jehovah and say: “O Jehovah the God of Israel, sitting enthroned above* the cherubs, you alone are the true God of all the kingdoms of the earth. You made the heavens and the earth. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>Incline your ear, O Jehovah, and hear! Open your eyes, O Jehovah, and see! Hear the words that Sen·nachʹer·ib has sent to taunt the living God. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>It is a fact, O Jehovah, that the kings of As·syrʹi·a have devastated the nations and their lands. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>And they have thrown their gods into the fire, because they were not gods but the work of human hands, wood and stone. That is why they could destroy them. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>But now, O Jehovah our God, please save us out of his hand, so that all the kingdoms of the earth may know that you alone are God, O Jehovah.” <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>Isaiah son of Aʹmoz then sent this message to Hez·e·kiʹah: “This is what Jehovah the God of Israel says, ‘I have heard your prayer to me concerning King Sen·nachʹer·ib of As·syrʹi·a.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “between.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(2 Ki. 18:14, 15)</strong></a> So King Hez·e·kiʹah of Judah sent word to the king of As·syrʹi·a at Laʹchish: “I am at fault. Withdraw from against me, and I will give whatever you may impose on me.” The king of As·syrʹi·a imposed on King Hez·e·kiʹah of Judah a fine of 300 silver talents* and 30 gold talents. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>So Hez·e·kiʹah gave all the silver that could be found at the house of Jehovah and in the treasuries of the king’s house.*</p><p></p><p>A talent equaled 34.2 kg (1,101 oz t). See App. B14.</p><p>Or “palace.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(2 Chron. 32:2-4)</strong></a> When Hez·e·kiʹah saw that Sen·nachʹer·ib had come and intended to wage war against Jerusalem, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>he decided, after consulting with his princes and his warriors, to stop up the waters of the springs outside the city, and they gave him their support. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Many people were gathered together, and they stopped up all the springs and the stream that flowed through the land, saying: “Why should the kings of As·syrʹi·a come and find plenty of water?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(2 Ki. 19:35)</strong></a> On that very night the angel of Jehovah went out and struck down 185,000 men in the camp of the As·syrʹi·ans. When people rose up early in the morning, they saw all the dead bodies.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
