<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, September 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Thursday, September 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class = "themeScrp"><em>Pay attention to yourselves that your hearts never become weighed down with overeating and heavy drinking and anxieties of life.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 21:34</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">Jesus was keenly aware of the pressures associated with the anxieties of this system of things. In his illustration of the sower, Jesus said that some would accept “the word of the Kingdom” and make initial progress but that “the anxiety of this system of things and the deceptive power of riches” would “choke the word.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 13:19-22;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Mark 4:19</a>) Indeed, if we are not careful, the everyday concerns of life could entice our heart and cause us to slow down spiritually. We prove the depth of our love for Christ by putting the work he has given us to do in first place. How can we make sure that we continue to do so? From time to time, we need to ask ourselves, ‘Where does my true affection lie? Does most of my joy come from engaging in mundane activities or in spiritual activities?’ <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.05 </em>23 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 21:34)</strong></a> “But pay attention to yourselves that your hearts never become weighed down with overeating and heavy drinking and anxieties of life,* and suddenly that day be instantly upon you</p><p></p><p>Or “anxieties over livelihood; worries of daily life.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 13:19-22)</strong></a> Where anyone hears the word of the Kingdom but does not get the sense of it, the wicked one comes and snatches away what has been sown in his heart; this is the one sown alongside the road. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>As for the one sown on rocky ground, this is the one hearing the word and at once accepting it with joy. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>Yet, he has no root in himself but continues for a time, and after tribulation or persecution has arisen on account of the word, he is at once stumbled. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>As for the one sown among the thorns, this is the one hearing the word, but the anxiety of this system of things and the deceptive power of riches* choke the word, and it* becomes unfruitful.</p><p></p><p>Or “the seductiveness (deceptive pleasure) of being wealthy.”</p><p>Or possibly, “he,” that is, “the one hearing the word.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Mark 4:19)</strong></a> but the anxieties of this system of things and the deceptive power of riches* and the desires for everything else make inroads and choke the word, and it becomes unfruitful.</p><p></p><p>Or “the seductiveness (deceptive pleasure) of being wealthy.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
