<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, September 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29"><span id="page91" class="pageNum" data-no="91" data-before-text="91"></span>Tuesday, September 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class = "themeScrp"><em>Tabitha, rise!​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 9:40</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">Peter’s resurrection of Tabitha was so convincing that “many became believers in the Lord.” They could testify both in general about the Lord and specifically about Jehovah’s ability to raise the dead. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 9:36-42</a>) Others became eyewitnesses to another resurrection. One time, the apostle Paul was at a meeting in an upper room in Troas, in what is now northwest Turkey. Paul spoke till midnight. A young man named Eutychus was listening, seated at a window. But he dozed off and fell from the third story to the ground below. Perhaps the physician Luke was the first to reach Eutychus, and Luke made a medical assessment: Eutychus was not merely injured and unconscious​—he was dead! Paul came downstairs and embraced the corpse, and then he made the dramatic announcement: “He is alive.” What a profound impact that would have had on eyewitnesses! Knowing the facts and grasping that a resurrection had occurred, they “were comforted beyond measure.”​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 20:7-12</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.12 </em>5 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 9:40)</strong></a> Peter then put everyone outside, and kneeling down, he prayed. Then turning toward the body, he said: “Tabʹi·tha, rise!” She opened her eyes, and as she caught sight of Peter, she sat up.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 9:36-42)</strong></a> Now there was in Jopʹpa a disciple named Tabʹi·tha, which means, when translated, “Dorʹcas.” She abounded in good deeds and gifts of mercy that she was making. <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>But in those days she fell sick and died. So they bathed her and laid her in an upper room. <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>Since Lydʹda was near Jopʹpa, when the disciples heard that Peter was in that city, they sent two men to him to urge him: “Please come to us without delay.”* <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>At that Peter got up and went with them. And when he arrived, they led him up into the upper room; and all the widows presented themselves to him, weeping and showing many garments and robes that Dorʹcas had made while she was with them. <strong><sup>40 </sup></strong>Peter then put everyone outside, and kneeling down, he prayed. Then turning toward the body, he said: “Tabʹi·tha, rise!” She opened her eyes, and as she caught sight of Peter, she sat up. <strong><sup>41 </sup></strong>Giving her his hand, he raised her up, and he called the holy ones and the widows and presented her alive. <strong><sup>42 </sup></strong>This became known throughout all Jopʹpa, and many became believers in the Lord.</p><p></p><p>Or “Please do not delay to come to us.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 20:7-12)</strong></a> On the first day of the week, when we were gathered together to have a meal, Paul began addressing them, as he was going to depart the next day; and he prolonged his speech until midnight. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>So there were quite a few lamps in the upper room where we were gathered together. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Seated at the window, a young man named Euʹty·chus sank into a deep sleep while Paul kept talking, and overcome by sleep, he fell down from the third story and was picked up dead. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>But Paul went downstairs, threw himself on him and embraced him, and said: “Stop making a commotion, for he is alive.” <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>He then went upstairs and began the meal and ate. He continued conversing for quite a while, until daybreak, and then he departed. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>So they took the boy away alive and were comforted beyond measure.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
