<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, September 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Saturday, September 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class = "themeScrp"><em>Make disciples of people . . . , teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 28:19, 20</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">How can you plan to be a full-time Christian minister? More than anything, spiritual qualities will help you to be successful in serving Jehovah fully. So be diligent in your study of God’s Word, meditate deeply on its meaning, and look for ways to express your faith at congregation meetings. During your school years, you can acquire experience and skill as a preacher of the good news. Learn to be interested in people by tactfully asking their opinion and listening to their response. Also, you can offer to do things in the congregation, such as helping to clean and maintain the Kingdom Hall. Jehovah is pleased to use those who have a humble, willing spirit. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 110:3;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Acts 6:1-3</a>) The apostle Paul invited Timothy into missionary service because “he was well-reported-on by the brothers.”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 16:1-5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>23 ¶7;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation2"> 26 ¶14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19, 20)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit, <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you. And look! I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 110:3)</strong></a> Your people will offer themselves willingly on the day of your military force.* In splendid holiness, from the womb of the dawn, You have your company of young men just like dewdrops.</p><p></p><p>Or “on the day your army mobilizes.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 6:1-3)</strong></a> Now in those days when the disciples were increasing, the Greek-speaking Jews began complaining against the Hebrew-speaking Jews, because their widows were being overlooked in the daily distribution. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>So the Twelve called the multitude of the disciples together and said: “It is not right for us to leave the word of God to distribute food to tables. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>So, brothers, select for yourselves seven reputable men from among you, full of spirit and wisdom, that we may appoint them over this necessary matter;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 16:1-5)</strong></a> So he arrived at Derʹbe and also at Lysʹtra. And a disciple named Timothy was there, the son of a believing Jewish woman but of a Greek father, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>and he was well-reported-on by the brothers in Lysʹtra and I·coʹni·um. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Paul expressed the desire for Timothy to accompany him, and he took him and circumcised him because of the Jews in those places, for they all knew that his father was a Greek. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>As they traveled on through the cities, they would deliver to them for observance the decrees that had been decided on by the apostles and the elders who were in Jerusalem. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>Then, indeed, the congregations continued to be made firm in the faith and to increase in number day by day.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
