<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, September 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89">Monday, September 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class = "themeScrp"><em>He does not slander with his tongue.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 15:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">When a Christian believes that he is the victim of injustice, he should be careful not to engage in harmful gossip. Of course, it is entirely proper to seek assistance from the elders and to inform them if a member of the congregation is guilty of a serious wrong. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Lev. 5:1</a>) However, in many cases that do not involve serious wrongdoing, it may be possible to resolve a difference without involving anyone else, not even the elders. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 5:23, 24;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 18:15</a>) May we loyally handle such matters in line with Bible principles. In some cases, we may come to realize that we were not the victim of an injustice after all. How grateful we would be that we did not make a situation worse by slandering a fellow Christian! Remember, whether we are right or wrong, engaging in hurtful speech will never improve a situation. Loyalty to Jehovah and to our brothers will protect us from making such a mistake. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>21 ¶14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p92" data-pid="92" class="p92"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 15:3)</strong></a> He does not slander with his tongue, He does nothing bad to his neighbor, And he does not defame* his friends.</p><p></p><p>Or “shame.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Lev. 5:1)</strong></a> “‘If someone* sins because he has heard a public call to testify* and he is a witness or has seen or learned about it and he does not report it, then he will answer for his error.</p><p></p><p>Or “a soul.”</p><p>Lit., “a voice of a curse (oath).” Probably an announcement regarding a wrong­doing that included a curse pronounced against the wrongdoer or against the witness in case he failed to testify.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:23, 24)</strong></a> “If, then, you are bringing your gift to the altar and there you remember that your brother has something against you, <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>leave your gift there in front of the altar, and go away. First make your peace with your brother, and then come back and offer your gift.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 18:15)</strong></a> “Moreover, if your brother commits a sin, go and reveal his fault* between you and him alone. If he listens to you, you have gained your brother.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “go reprove him.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
