<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, September 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Monday, September 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class = "themeScrp"><em>A true friend shows love at all times, and is a brother who is born for times of distress.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 17:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">The grieving process can vary greatly from person to person. Therefore, make yourself available, not just for the first few days when many friends and relatives are present, but in subsequent months when others have returned to their normal routine. Fellow Christians can be a source of profound comfort for someone for as long as it takes him or her to deal with grief. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Thess. 3:7</a>) Remember that bereaved ones may experience pangs of grief triggered by anniversaries, certain music, photographs, activities, or even a specific smell, sound, or season of the year. Many things a bereaved marriage mate does alone for the first time​—such as attending an assembly or the Memorial—​can be particularly painful. Bear in mind, though, that bereaved ones need encouragement not only on special occasions. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.07 </em>16 ¶17-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 17:17)</strong></a> A true friend shows love at all times And is a brother who is born for times of distress.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 3:7)</strong></a> That is why, brothers, in all our distress* and tribulation, we have been comforted because of you and the faithfulness you demonstrate.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “necessity.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
