<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, September 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Wednesday, September 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class = "themeScrp"><em>Because of Jehovah’s compassion for him, . . . they brought him out and stationed him outside the city.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 19:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">Does not that incident in Lot’s life demonstrate that Jehovah is fully aware of the difficult situations in which his faithful people sometimes find themselves? (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 63:7-9;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Jas. 5:11</a>, ftn.; <span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Pet. 2:9</a>) He has also taught his people the need to display compassion. Consider the law given to Israel regarding the seizing of a man’s garment as security for a loan. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ex. 22:26, 27</a>) A hard-hearted lender might have been tempted to seize the debtor’s garment, leaving him without a covering in which to sleep. Yet, Jehovah taught his people to avoid such an unfeeling attitude and course. His people were to be compassionate. Does not the principle reflected in that particular law move us to action? Would we want to leave our brothers out in the cold, so to speak, if there is something that we can do to relieve their suffering?​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Col. 3:12;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> Jas. 2:15, 16;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> 1 John 3:17</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>9 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 19:16)</strong></a> When he kept lingering, then because of Jehovah’s compassion for him, the men seized hold of his hand and the hand of his wife and the hands of his two daughters, and they brought him out and stationed him outside the city.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 63:7-9)</strong></a> I will mention Jehovah’s acts of loyal love, The praiseworthy acts of Jehovah, Because of all that Jehovah has done for us, The many good things he has done for the house of Israel, According to his mercy and his great loyal love.  <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>For he said: “Surely they are my people, sons who will not be disloyal.”* So he became their Savior.  <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>During all their distress it was distressing to him. And his own personal messenger* saved them. In his love and compassion he repurchased them, And he lifted them up and carried them all the days of old.</p><p></p><p>Or “prove false.”</p><p>Or “the angel of his presence.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jas. 5:11)</strong></a> Look! We consider happy* those who have endured. You have heard of the endurance of Job and have seen the outcome Jehovah* gave, that Jehovah* is very tender in affection* and merciful.</p><p></p><p>Or “blessed.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Or “very compassionate.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 2:9)</strong></a> So, then, Jehovah* knows how to rescue people of godly devotion out of trial, but to reserve unrighteous people to be destroyed* on the day of judgment,</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Lit., “cut off.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ex. 22:26, 27)</strong></a> “If you seize the garment of your fellow man as security for a loan,* you are to return it to him by sunset. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>For it is his only covering, his clothing to cover his body;* in what will he lie down to sleep? When he cries out to me, I will certainly hear, for I am compassionate.*</p><p></p><p>Or “as a pledge.”</p><p>Lit., “skin.”</p><p>Or “gracious.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Col. 3:12)</strong></a> Accordingly, as God’s chosen ones, holy and loved, clothe yourselves with the tender affections of compassion, kindness, humility,* mildness, and patience.</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Jas. 2:15, 16)</strong></a> If any brothers or sisters are lacking clothing* and enough food for the day, <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>yet one of you says to them, “Go in peace; keep warm and well fed,” but you do not give them what they need for their body, of what benefit is it?</p><p></p><p>Lit., “are naked.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(1 John 3:17)</strong></a> But whoever has the material possessions of this world and sees his brother in need and yet refuses to show him compassion, in what way does the love of God remain in him?</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
