<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, September 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83"><span id="page97" class="pageNum" data-no="97" data-before-text="97"></span>Saturday, September 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class = "themeScrp"><em>Because of the people’s volunteering, praise Jehovah!​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Judg. 5:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">Each of us does well to ask himself: ‘Do I have the faith and courage to use whatever is at my disposal to carry out the clear command of Jehovah? If I am contemplating a major move to another city or country for perceived economic advantages, do I give prayerful consideration to the effect this would have on my family and on the congregation?’ Jehovah dignifies us by allowing us to share in supporting his sovereignty. Since the Devil first enticed humans to support his rival sovereignty, your siding with Jehovah’s rulership sends Satan a message that is loud and clear. The faith and integrity that motivate your volunteer spirit are pleasing to Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 23:15, 16</a>) He uses your display of support to make a reply to the taunts of Satan. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Prov. 27:11</a>) Thus, by your loyal obedience, you are, in effect, giving Jehovah something that he considers precious, and he finds profound joy in this. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>32 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Judg. 5:2)</strong></a> “Because of the unbound hair* in Israel, Because of the people’s volunteering, Praise Jehovah!</p><p></p><p>Or “the warriors with unbound hair.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 23:15, 16)</strong></a> My son, if your heart becomes wise, Then my own heart will rejoice. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>My innermost being* will find joy When your lips speak what is right.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “My kidneys.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Prov. 27:11)</strong></a> Be wise, my son, and make my heart rejoice, So that I can make a reply to him who taunts me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
