<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, September 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71">Tuesday, September 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class = "themeScrp"><em>Look out not only for your own interests, but also for the interests of others.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 2:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">Interestingly, when we show loving personal interest in others, we may actually let go of some of our own negative feelings. Sisters, married or unmarried, know for a fact that they find great joy in sharing the good news as fellow workers with God. Their goal is to honor God by doing his will. Some even view their participation in the ministry as therapy. Certainly, all of us contribute to a close bond in the congregation when we show concern for others, those in our territory and those in the congregation. The apostle Paul was a fine example. He became like “a nursing mother” to those in the Thessalonian congregation; he was also like a spiritual father. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Thess. 2:7,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 11, 12</a>) Young ones who learn to love the true God and to follow his counsel can become a source of comfort in a family. They can do so by showing respect for their parents and by helping in material ways. They can also make a valuable spiritual contribution. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>7 ¶13-14;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation2"> 8 ¶17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:4)</strong></a> as you look out not only for your own interests, but also for the interests of others.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 2:7)</strong></a> On the contrary, we became gentle in your midst, as when a nursing mother tenderly cares for* her own children.</p><p></p><p>Or “cherishes.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 2:11, 12)</strong></a> You well know that we kept exhorting and consoling you and bearing witness to each one of you, just as a father does his children, <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>so that you would go on walking worthily of God, who is calling you to his Kingdom and glory.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
