<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, September 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Monday, September 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class = "themeScrp"><em>Pay constant attention to yourself and to your teaching.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Tim. 4:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">All who are authorized to give Scriptural discipline​—in the family or in the congregation—​are wise when they imitate Christ’s example. Indeed, their doing so reflects their desire to be molded by God and his Son. It would be difficult to enumerate all the blessings that result from accepting divine discipline and from imitating Jehovah and Jesus when disciplining others. At the very least, families and congregations become havens of peace. Individuals also feel truly loved, valued, and secure​—a foretaste of the blessings to come. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 72:7</a>) Indeed, it is no exaggeration to say that Jehovah’s discipline teaches us how to live together forever in peace and harmony as a family under his fatherly care. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 11:9</a>) When we view divine discipline in that light, we will be more likely to appreciate it for what it truly is: beautiful evidence of God’s unmatched love for us. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>26 ¶15;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation2"> 27 ¶17,</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation3"> 19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 4:16)</strong></a> Pay constant attention to yourself and to your teaching. Persevere in these things, for by doing this you will save both yourself and those who listen to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 72:7)</strong></a> In his days the righteous will flourish,* And peace will abound until the moon is no more.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “sprout.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 11:9)</strong></a> They will not cause any harm Or any ruin in all my holy mountain, Because the earth will certainly be filled with the knowledge of Jehovah As the waters cover the sea.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
