<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, September 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Thursday, September 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class = "themeScrp"><em>No bloodguilt will come upon you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Deut. 19:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">A key purpose of the cities of refuge was to protect the Israelites from bloodguilt. Jehovah loves life, and he hates murderous “hands that shed innocent blood.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 6:16, 17</a>) A just and holy God, he could not ignore even accidental bloodshed. Unlike Jehovah, the scribes and Pharisees showed a careless disregard for life. How so? “You took away the key of knowledge,” Jesus told them. “You yourselves did not go in, and you hinder those going in!” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 11:52</a>) They were supposed to unlock the meaning of God’s Word and help others to walk on the road to eternal life. Instead, they directed people away from “the Chief Agent of life,” Jesus, leading them toward a course that could end in eternal destruction. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 3:15</a>) Proud and selfish, the scribes and Pharisees cared little for the life and welfare of their fellow humans. How cruel and unmerciful! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>15 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Deut. 19:10)</strong></a> In this way no innocent blood will be spilled in your land that Jehovah your God is giving you as an inheritance, and no bloodguilt will come upon you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 6:16, 17)</strong></a> There are six things that Jehovah hates; Yes, seven things that he* detests: <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Haughty eyes, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood,</p><p></p><p>Or “his soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 11:52)</strong></a> “Woe to you who are versed in the Law, because you took away the key of knowledge. You yourselves did not go in, and you hinder those going in!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 3:15)</strong></a> whereas you killed the Chief Agent of life. But God raised him up from the dead, of which fact we are witnesses.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
