<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, September 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Tuesday, September 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class = "themeScrp"><em>The word of God is alive and exerts power.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 4:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">As Jehovah’s people, we have no doubt that God’s word, his message to humans, “is alive and exerts power.” Many of us are living proof of the Bible’s power to change lives. Some of our brothers and sisters were formerly thieves, drug addicts, or sexually immoral. Others enjoyed a measure of success in this system of things but felt that something was missing in their life. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eccl. 2:3-11</a>) Time and again, individuals who seemed hopelessly lost found their way to the path of life by means of the Bible’s transforming power. You have likely read and greatly enjoyed a number of these experiences as published in <em>The Watchtower </em>in the series “The Bible Changes Lives.” And you have seen that even after accepting the truth, Christians continue to make spiritual progress with the help of the Scriptures. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>23 ¶1</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 4:12)</strong></a> For the word of God is alive and exerts power and is sharper than any two-edged sword and pierces even to the dividing of soul* and spirit,* and of joints from the marrow, and is able to discern thoughts and intentions of the heart.</p><p></p><p>See Glossary.</p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eccl. 2:3-11)</strong></a> I explored with my heart by indulging myself with wine, all the while maintaining my own wisdom; I even embraced foolishness to find out what was the best thing for humans to do during their few days of life under the heavens. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>I undertook great works. I built houses for myself; I planted vineyards for myself. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>I made gardens and parks for myself, and I planted in them all sorts of fruit trees. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>I made pools of water for myself, to irrigate a grove* of flourishing trees. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>I acquired male and female servants, and I had servants born in my household.* I also acquired much livestock—cattle and flocks—more than any of my predecessors in Jerusalem. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>I accumulated silver and gold for myself, the treasures of* kings and of provinces. I gathered male and female singers for myself, as well as what brings great pleasure to the sons of men—a woman, yes, many women.* <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>So I grew great and surpassed anyone prior to me in Jerusalem. And my wisdom remained with me. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>I did not deny myself anything that I desired.* I did not withhold from my heart any sort of pleasure,* for my heart was joyful because of all my hard work, and this was my reward* for all my hard work. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>But when I reflected on all the works that my own hands had done and on all the hard work that I had toiled to accomplish, I saw that everything was futile, a chasing after the wind; there was nothing of real value* under the sun.</p><p></p><p>Or “forest.”</p><p>Lit., “sons of the house.”</p><p>Or “property peculiar to.”</p><p>Or “a lady, yes, ladies.”</p><p>Lit., “that my eyes asked for.”</p><p>Or “rejoicing.”</p><p>Or “portion.”</p><p>Or “of advantage.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
