<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, September 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Wednesday, September 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class = "themeScrp"><em>Come and witness the activities of Jehovah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 46:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">Is mankind coming to grips with the problems that have plagued him for so long? Certainly, they have not learned to avoid war. Crimes, such as cybercrime, domestic violence, and terrorism, are increasing at an alarming rate. And death-dealing diseases still run rampant. The present economic and political systems are powered by selfish forces. Clearly, such forces cannot eliminate war, crime, disease, and poverty​—only God’s Kingdom can. Consider what Jehovah will do for mankind. <em>War: </em>God’s Kingdom will eliminate such deep-seated causes of war as selfishness, corruption, patriotism, false religion, and Satan himself. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 46:9</a>) <em>Crime: </em>God’s Kingdom is already teaching millions to love and trust one another as no other government can. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 11:9</a>) <em>Disease: </em>Jehovah will bless his people with perfect health. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Isa. 35:5, 6</a>) <em>Poverty: </em>Jehovah will eliminate it and will provide his people with spiritual and physical prosperity.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 72:12, 13</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>24 ¶14-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 46:8)</strong></a> Come and witness the activities of Jehovah, How he has done astonishing things on the earth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 46:9)</strong></a> He is bringing an end to wars throughout the earth. He breaks the bow and shatters the spear; He burns the military wagons* with fire.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “the shields.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 11:9)</strong></a> They will not cause any harm Or any ruin in all my holy mountain, Because the earth will certainly be filled with the knowledge of Jehovah As the waters cover the sea.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 35:5, 6)</strong></a> At that time the eyes of the blind will be opened, And the ears of the deaf will be unstopped.  <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>At that time the lame will leap like the deer, And the tongue of the speechless will shout for joy. For waters will burst forth in the wilderness, And streams in the desert plain.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 72:12, 13)</strong></a> For he will rescue the poor who cry for help, Also the lowly one and whoever has no helper. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>He will have pity on the lowly and the poor, And the lives* of the poor he will save.</p><p></p><p>Or “souls.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
