<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, September 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20"><span id="page90" class="pageNum" data-no="90" data-before-text="90"></span>Saturday, September 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class = "themeScrp"><em>If a servant is pampered from his youth, he will become thankless later on.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 29:21</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">We give to Jehovah because of our love and appreciation for him. We are overwhelmed when we consider all that Jehovah has done in our behalf. King David acknowledged that everything we receive comes from Jehovah and that whatever we give to Jehovah is from what he has already given us. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Chron. 29:11-14</a>) Giving is good for us. It is healthy for us to be generous givers and not just receivers. We may think of a child who gives a gift to his parents from the small allowance they have given him. How the parents appreciate this gift! A son or a daughter who may be pioneering and living at home may rightly give the parents some funds to assist with household expenses. Though the parents may not expect this, they may accept these gifts because it is a way for the child to show appreciation for all that they do for him. Likewise, Jehovah realizes that giving from our valuable things is good for us. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>18 ¶4,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation2"> 6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 29:21)</strong></a> If a servant is pampered from his youth, He will become thankless later on.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Chron. 29:11-14)</strong></a> Yours, O Jehovah, are the greatness and the mightiness and the beauty and the splendor and the majesty,* for everything in the heavens and on the earth is yours. Yours is the kingdom, O Jehovah. You are the One exalting yourself as head over all. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>The riches and the glory are from you, and you rule over everything, and in your hand there are power and mightiness, and your hand is able to make great and to give strength to all. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>And now, O our God, we thank you and praise your beautiful name. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>“And yet, who am I and who are my people that we should be in a position to make voluntary offerings like this? For everything is from you, and we have given to you what comes from your own hand.</p><p></p><p>Or “dignity.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
