<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, September 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Sunday, September 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class = "themeScrp"><em>Whenever you make a vow to God, do not delay to pay it, for he finds no pleasure in the stupid ones. What you vow, pay.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eccl. 5:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">The Mosaic Law stated: “If a man makes a vow to Jehovah or swears an oath to impose on himself a vow . . . , he must not violate his word. He should do everything he vowed he would do.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Num. 30:2</a>) Later, Solomon was inspired to write the words of today’s text. Jesus confirmed the seriousness of making vows when he stated: “It was said to those of ancient times: ‘You must not swear without performing, but you must pay your vows to Jehovah.’” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 5:33</a>) It is clear, then, that it is a very serious matter to make promises to God. The way we treat our vows affects our relationship with Jehovah. David wrote: “Who may ascend to the mountain of Jehovah, and who may stand up in his holy place? Anyone . . . who has not sworn a false oath by My [Jehovah’s] life, nor taken an oath deceitfully.”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 24:3, 4</a>; ftn. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.04 </em>4 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eccl. 5:4)</strong></a> Whenever you make a vow to God, do not delay to pay it, for he finds no pleasure in the stupid ones. What you vow, pay.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Num. 30:2)</strong></a> If a man makes a vow to Jehovah or swears an oath to impose on himself* a vow of abstinence, he must not violate his word. He should do everything he vowed he would do.</p><p></p><p>Or “to bind an obligation upon his soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:33)</strong></a> “Again you heard that it was said to those of ancient times: ‘You must not swear without performing, but you must pay your vows to Jehovah.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 24:3, 4)</strong></a> Who may ascend to the mountain of Jehovah, And who may stand up in his holy place?  <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Anyone with innocent hands and a pure heart, Who has not sworn a false oath by My life,* Nor taken an oath deceitfully.</p><p></p><p>Or “My soul,” referring to Jehovah’s life by which an individual swears.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
