<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, September 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65"><span id="page95" class="pageNum" data-no="95" data-before-text="95"></span>Sunday, September 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class = "themeScrp"><em>To me every knee will bend, every tongue will swear loyalty.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 45:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">As long as the question of the rightfulness of Jehovah’s sovereignty remains unsettled in the minds of humans or angels, discord among nations, races, tribes, families, and individuals will exist. But after Jehovah’s sovereignty is vindicated, all will submit everlastingly to his righteous rule. Universal peace will be restored. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 1:9, 10</a>) The rightfulness of God’s sovereignty will be vindicated and rule by Satan and humans will utterly fail and be removed. Rule by God through his Messianic Kingdom will succeed, and integrity-keepers will have proved that humans can take their stand for God’s rulership. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 45:24</a>) Do you want to be among those who go on record as integrity-keeping supporters of Jehovah’s sovereignty? No doubt you do. To be integrity-keepers, we need to fix our eyes on that big issue and comprehend how important it really is. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.06 </em>23 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 45:23)</strong></a> By myself I have sworn; The word has gone out of my mouth in righteousness, And it will not return: To me every knee will bend, Every tongue will swear loyalty</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 1:9, 10)</strong></a> by making known to us the sacred secret of his will. It is according to his good pleasure that he himself purposed <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>for an administration* at the full limit of the appointed times, to gather all things together in the Christ, the things in the heavens and the things on the earth. Yes, in him</p><p></p><p>Or “to administer things.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 45:24)</strong></a> And say, ‘Surely in Jehovah are true righteousness and strength. All those enraged against him will come before him in shame.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
