<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, September 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38"><span id="page92" class="pageNum" data-no="92" data-before-text="92"></span>Friday, September 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class = "themeScrp"><em>Whoever becomes ashamed of me . . . , the Son of man will also be ashamed of him.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Mark 8:38</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">At first, we may not have told our family about our association with Jehovah’s Witnesses. As our faith grew, though, we saw the need to be open about our beliefs. If your courageous stand has resulted in a problem between you and your non-Witness relatives, endeavor to have empathy for them. While we may be overjoyed about the Bible truths we have learned, our relatives may mistakenly believe that we have been tricked or have become part of a cult. They may think that we no longer love them because we do not celebrate holidays with them. They may even fear for our eternal welfare. We should show empathy by trying to see things from their viewpoint and by listening carefully to discern their real concerns. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 20:5</a>) The apostle Paul endeavored to understand “people of all sorts” in order to share the good news with them, and a similar approach can help us as well.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 9:19-23</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>15 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Mark 8:38)</strong></a> For whoever becomes ashamed of me and my words in this adulterous and sinful generation, the Son of man will also be ashamed of him when he comes in the glory of his Father with the holy angels.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 20:5)</strong></a> The thoughts* of a man’s heart are like deep waters, But the discerning man draws them out.</p><p></p><p>Or “intentions.” Lit., “counsel.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 9:19-23)</strong></a> For though I am free from all people, I have made myself the slave to all, so that I may gain as many people as possible. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>To the Jews I became as a Jew in order to gain Jews; to those under law I became as under law, though I myself am not under law, in order to gain those under law. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>To those without law I became as without law, although I am not without law toward God but under law toward Christ, in order to gain those without law. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>To the weak I became weak, in order to gain the weak. I have become all things to people of all sorts, so that I might by all possible means save some. <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>But I do all things for the sake of the good news, in order to share it with others.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
