<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, September 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47"><span id="page93" class="pageNum" data-no="93" data-before-text="93"></span>Monday, September 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class = "themeScrp"><em>Do not be afraid or be terrified, for Jehovah . . . is with you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Chron. 28:20</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">Solomon likely learned much about courage from his own father. David displayed tremendous courage when he confronted a battle-hardened giant. Yes, with God’s help and a smooth stone, David defeated Goliath. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Sam. 17:45,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 49, 50</a>) How appropriate it was later for David to urge Solomon to be courageous and construct the temple! Jehovah would be with him until the work of building the temple was finished. With his father’s words impressed on his mind and heart, Solomon did not allow his youth and inexperience to become an obstacle. He showed great courage, went to work, and with Jehovah’s help completed the magnificent temple in seven and a half years. As Jehovah helped Solomon, he can help us to be courageous and to accomplish our work, both in our family and in the congregation. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Isa. 41:10,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 13</a>) When we show courage in our worship of Jehovah, we can be confident of his blessing now and in the future. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.09 </em>28 ¶3;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation2"> 29 ¶4;</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation3"> 32 ¶20-21</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Chron. 28:20)</strong></a> Then David said to his son Solʹo·mon: “Be courageous and strong and go to work. Do not be afraid or be terrified, for Jehovah God, my God, is with you. He will not desert you or abandon you, but he will be with you until all the work for the service of Jehovah’s house is finished.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 17:45)</strong></a> David replied to the Phi·lisʹtine: “You are coming against me with sword and spear and javelin, but I am coming against you in the name of Jehovah of armies, the God of the battle line of Israel, whom you have taunted.*</p><p></p><p>Or “challenged.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 17:49, 50)</strong></a> David thrust his hand into his bag and took a stone from there and slung it. He struck the Phi·lisʹtine in the forehead, and the stone sank into his forehead and he fell facedown on the ground. <strong><sup>50 </sup></strong>So David prevailed over the Phi·lisʹtine with a sling and a stone; he struck down the Phi·lisʹtine and put him to death, though there was no sword in David’s hand.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 41:10)</strong></a> Do not be afraid, for I am with you. Do not be anxious, for I am your God. I will fortify you, yes, I will help you, I will really hold on to you with my right hand of righteousness.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Isa. 41:13)</strong></a> For I, Jehovah your God, am grasping your right hand, The One saying to you, ‘Do not be afraid. I will help you.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
