<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, September 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Sunday, September 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class = "themeScrp"><em>Everyone whose spirit the true God had stirred​—prepared to go up and rebuild the house of Jehovah, which was in Jerusalem.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ezra 1:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">As the Jews traveled along, they no doubt spent many hours thinking about their new home. They had heard how beautiful the city of Jerusalem once was. The oldest ones among them had seen the former glory of the temple. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ezra 3:12</a>) If you had traveled with them, how would you have felt when you first caught sight of Jerusalem, your new home? Would you have been saddened when you saw the ruined buildings overgrown with weeds? Would you have compared the massive double walls of Babylon with Jerusalem’s broken-down walls, with large gaps where gates and watchtowers once stood? Yet, the people took heart. They had already seen Jehovah’s saving hand in their behalf throughout their long trip homeward. The first thing they did upon arriving was set up an altar on the site of the former temple, and they began to offer daily sacrifices to Jehovah.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ezra 3:1, 2</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.10 </em>26-27 ¶2-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ezra 1:5)</strong></a> Then the heads of the paternal houses of Judah and of Benjamin and the priests and the Levites—everyone whose spirit the true God had stirred—prepared to go up and rebuild the house of Jehovah, which was in Jerusalem.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ezra 3:12)</strong></a> Many of the priests, the Levites, and the heads of the paternal houses—the old men who had seen the former house—wept with a loud voice when they saw the foundation of this house being laid, while many others shouted joyfully at the top of their voice.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ezra 3:1, 2)</strong></a> When the seventh month arrived and the Israelites* were in their cities, they gathered together with one accord in Jerusalem. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>Jeshʹu·a the son of Je·hozʹa·dak and his fellow priests and Ze·rubʹba·bel the son of She·alʹti·el and his brothers rose up and built the altar of the God of Israel, so that they could offer up burnt sacrifices on it, as it is written in the Law of Moses the man of the true God.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “sons of Israel.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
