<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, September 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Thursday, September 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class = "themeScrp"><em>O Daniel, you very precious man.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Dan. 10:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">Daniel lived as a captive in Babylon, a city filled with idolatry and spiritism. Moreover, the Babylonians looked down on the Jews, mocking both them and their God, Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 137:1,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 3</a>) How this must have hurt faithful Jews like Daniel! Food and drink soon became an issue because Daniel did not want to “defile himself with the king’s delicacies.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Dan. 1:5-8,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 14-17</a>) A more subtle challenge for Daniel could have involved his exceptional abilities, which led to his receiving special privileges. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Dan. 1:19, 20</a>) But instead of becoming arrogant and opinionated, he remained humble and modest, always giving due credit to Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Dan. 2:30</a>) In fact, it was while Daniel was still a young man that Jehovah counted him worthy of being mentioned as an example of righteousness, along with Noah and Job. (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Ezek. 14:14</a>) Was God’s confidence in Daniel misplaced? Not at all! Daniel stayed faithful and obedient to the very end of his life. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.02 </em>5 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Dan. 10:11)</strong></a> Then he said to me: “O Daniel, you very precious* man, give attention to the words that I am about to speak to you. Now stand up in your place, for I have been sent to you.” When he said this to me, I stood up, trembling.</p><p></p><p>Or “very desirable; highly esteemed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 137:1)</strong></a> By the rivers of Babylon, there we sat. We wept when we remembered Zion.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 137:3)</strong></a> For there our captors asked us for a song, Those mocking us wanted amusement: “Sing for us one of the songs of Zion.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Dan. 1:5-8)</strong></a> Furthermore, the king assigned to them a daily ration from the king’s delicacies and from the wine he drank. They were to be trained* for three years, and at the end of that time they were to enter the king’s service. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>Now among them were some from the tribe* of Judah: Daniel,* Han·a·niʹah,* Mishʹa·el,* and Az·a·riʹah.* <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>And the principal court official assigned names* to them; he gave to Daniel the name Bel·te·shazʹzar, to Han·a·niʹah the name Shaʹdrach, to Mishʹa·el the name Meʹshach, and to Az·a·riʹah the name A·bedʹne·go. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>But Daniel resolved in his heart that he would not defile himself with the king’s delicacies or with the wine he drank. So he asked the principal court official for permission not to defile himself in this way.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “nourished.”</p><p>Lit., “sons.”</p><p>Meaning “My Judge Is God.”</p><p>Meaning “Jehovah Has Shown Favor.”</p><p>Possibly meaning “Who Is Like God?”</p><p>Meaning “Jehovah Has Helped.”</p><p>That is, Babylonian names.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Dan. 1:14-17)</strong></a> So he agreed to their proposal and tested them for ten days. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>At the end of ten days their appearance was better and healthier* than all the youths* who were eating the king’s delicacies. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>So the guardian would take away their delicacies and their wine and give them vegetables. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>And the true God gave these four youths* knowledge and insight into every kind of writing and wisdom; and Daniel was given understanding in all sorts of visions and dreams.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “fat of flesh.”</p><p>Lit., “children.”</p><p>Lit., “children.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Dan. 1:19, 20)</strong></a> When the king spoke with them, no one in the entire group was found to be like Daniel, Han·a·niʹah, Mishʹa·el, and Az·a·riʹah; and they continued to serve before the king. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>In every matter requiring wisdom and understanding that the king would ask them about, he found them ten times better than all the magic-practicing priests and the conjurers in his entire realm.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Dan. 2:30)</strong></a> As for me, this secret was not revealed to me because I have greater wisdom than anyone living; rather, it was to make the interpretation known to the king so that you may know the thoughts in your heart.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Ezek. 14:14)</strong></a> “‘Even if these three men—Noah, Daniel, and Job—were within it, they would be able to save only themselves* because of their righteousness,’ declares the Sovereign Lord Jehovah.”</p><p></p><p>Or “their soul.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
