<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, September 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Friday, September 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class = "themeScrp"><em>Levi spread a big reception feast for </em>[<em>Jesus</em>] <em>in his house.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 5:29</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">Jesus displayed a perfectly balanced view of pleasures. He attended “a marriage feast” and “a big reception feast.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 2:1-10</a>) At the wedding, he miraculously changed water into wine, adding to the supply, which had run short. Yet, Jesus did not immerse himself in a life of pleasure. He put Jehovah first and expended himself tirelessly in behalf of others. So that many might live, he willingly endured a painful death on a stake. Addressing those who would follow in his footsteps, Jesus said: “Happy are you when people reproach you and persecute you and lyingly say every sort of wicked thing against you for my sake. Rejoice and be overjoyed, since your reward is great in the heavens.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 5:11, 12</a>) If we truly love God, we will be careful to avoid not only the things we know will displease him but also the things we merely suspect may displease him.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 22:37, 38</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.01 </em>26 ¶16-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 5:29)</strong></a> Then Leʹvi spread a big reception feast for him in his house, and there was a large crowd of tax collectors and others who were dining with them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 2:1-10)</strong></a> And on the third day a marriage feast took place in Caʹna of Galʹi·lee, and the mother of Jesus was there. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>Jesus and his disciples were also invited to the marriage feast. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>When the wine ran short, the mother of Jesus said to him: “They have no wine.” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>But Jesus said to her: “Woman, why is that of concern to me and to you? My hour has not yet come.” <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>His mother said to those serving: “Do whatever he tells you.” <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>Now there were six stone water jars sitting there as required by the purification rules of the Jews, each able to hold two or three liquid measures. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Jesus said to them: “Fill the jars with water.” So they filled them to the brim. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Then he said to them: “Now draw some out and take it to the director of the feast.” So they took it. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>When the director of the feast tasted the water that had now been turned into wine, not knowing where it came from (although the servants who had drawn out the water knew), the director of the feast called the bridegroom <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>and said to him: “Everyone else puts out the fine wine first, and when people are intoxicated, the inferior. You have saved the fine wine until now.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:11, 12)</strong></a> “Happy are you when people reproach* you and persecute you and lyingly say every sort of wicked thing against you for my sake. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>Rejoice and be overjoyed, since your reward is great in the heavens, for in that way they persecuted the prophets prior to you.</p><p></p><p>Or “insult.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 22:37, 38)</strong></a> He said to him: “‘You must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind.’ <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>This is the greatest and first commandment.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
