<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, September 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><span id="page88" class="pageNum" data-no="88" data-before-text="88"></span><strong>September</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Sunday, September 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class = "themeScrp">[<em>Bring your children</em>] <em>up in the discipline and admonition of Jehovah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 6:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">Bringing up a child in “the discipline and admonition of Jehovah” is one of the greatest privileges a Christian parent can have. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 127:3</a>) Unlike children in the ancient nation of Israel, the children of Christian parents are not born as part of a people dedicated to Jehovah. Moreover, love for God and for truth is not inherited. From the day of their child’s birth, parents should have the intent to make a disciple, assisting their child to become a dedicated, baptized servant of Jehovah. What could be more important? After all, it is each individual’s dedication, baptism, and faithful service to God that will bring him in line for being marked for salvation during the coming great tribulation. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 24:13</a>) May you parents experience the joy and satisfaction that result from seeing your children become dedicated, baptized servants of Jehovah. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>12 ¶16-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:4)</strong></a> And fathers, do not be irritating your children, but go on bringing them up in the discipline and admonition* of Jehovah.*</p><p></p><p>Or “instruction; guidance.” Lit., “putting mind in.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 127:3)</strong></a> Look! Sons* are an inheritance from Jehovah; The fruit of the womb is a reward.</p><p></p><p>Or “Children.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:13)</strong></a> But the one who has endured to the end will be saved.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
