<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, September 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8">Tuesday, September 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class = "themeScrp"><em>They were baptized by him in the Jordan River, openly confessing their sins.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 3:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">Those submitting to John’s baptism did so as evidence of their repentance over sins against the Mosaic Law. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 3:1-6</a>) It is noteworthy, however, that the most important baptism that John performed had nothing to do with repentance. John had the unique privilege of baptizing Jesus, the perfect human Son of God. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 3:13-17</a>) Jesus was without sin, so he did not need to repent. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Pet. 2:22</a>) His baptism symbolized the presenting of himself to do God’s will. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Heb. 10:7</a>) During the course of Jesus’ earthly ministry, his disciples also performed baptisms. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">John 3:22;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 4:1, 2</a>) Like those performed by John, these baptisms symbolized the individuals’ repentance over sins against the Mosaic Law. However, after Jesus’ death and resurrection, baptism would take on a much different meaning for his followers. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w18.03 </em>5 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 3:6)</strong></a> and they were baptized by him in the Jordan River, openly confessing their sins.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 3:1-6)</strong></a> In those days John the Baptist came preaching in the wilderness of Ju·deʹa, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>saying: “Repent, for the Kingdom of the heavens has drawn near.” <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>This, in fact, is the one spoken of through Isaiah the prophet in these words: “A voice of one calling out in the wilderness: ‘Prepare the way of Jehovah! Make his roads straight.’” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Now John was clothed with camel’s hair and had a leather belt around his waist. His food was locusts and wild honey. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>Then the people of Jerusalem and all Ju·deʹa and all the country around the Jordan were going out to him, <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>and they were baptized by him in the Jordan River, openly confessing their sins.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 3:13-17)</strong></a> Then Jesus came from Galʹi·lee to the Jordan to John, in order to be baptized by him. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>But the latter tried to prevent him, saying: “I am the one who needs to be baptized by you, and are you coming to me?” <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Jesus replied to him: “Let it be this time, for in that way it is suitable for us to carry out all that is righteous.” Then he quit preventing him. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>After being baptized, Jesus immediately came up from the water; and look! the heavens were opened up, and he saw God’s spirit descending like a dove and coming upon him. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Look! Also, a voice from the heavens said: “This is my Son, the beloved, whom I have approved.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:22)</strong></a> He committed no sin, nor was deception found in his mouth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:7)</strong></a> Then I said: ‘Look! I have come (in the scroll* it is written about me) to do your will, O God.’”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “in the scroll of the book.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(John 3:22)</strong></a> After this Jesus and his disciples went into the Ju·deʹan countryside, and there he spent some time with them and was baptizing.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(John 4:1, 2)</strong></a> When the Lord became aware that the Pharisees had heard that Jesus was making and baptizing more disciples than John— <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>although Jesus himself did no baptizing but his disciples did—</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
