<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, September 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56"><span id="page94" class="pageNum" data-no="94" data-before-text="94"></span>Thursday, September 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class = "themeScrp"><em>Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 23:34</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Jesus prayed that his Father forgive his executioners. What an outstanding example of mildness and patience under painful and stressful circumstances! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Pet. 2:21-23</a>) How can we show mildness and patience? Paul mentioned one way when he wrote to fellow believers: “Continue putting up with one another and forgiving one another freely even if anyone has a cause for complaint against another. Just as Jehovah freely forgave you, you must also do the same.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Col. 3:13</a>) Indeed, it takes mildness and patience on our part to obey this command. But by being forgiving, we promote and preserve the unity in the congregation. Being clothed with mildness and patience is not optional for a Christian. It is an essential requirement for our salvation. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 5:5;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Jas. 1:21</a>) More important, by means of these qualities, we honor Jehovah and help others to heed the Bible’s counsel.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Gal. 6:1;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 2 Tim. 2:24, 25</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.08 </em>25-26 ¶15-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 23:34)</strong></a> But Jesus was saying: “Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing.” Furthermore, they cast lots to distribute his garments.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:21-23)</strong></a> In fact, to this course you were called, because even Christ suffered for you, leaving a model for you to follow his steps closely. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>He committed no sin, nor was deception found in his mouth. <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>When he was being insulted,* he did not insult* in return. When he was suffering, he did not threaten, but he entrusted himself to the One who judges righteously.</p><p></p><p>Or “reviled.”</p><p>Or “revile.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Col. 3:13)</strong></a> Continue putting up with one another and forgiving one another freely even if anyone has a cause for complaint against another. Just as Jehovah* freely forgave you, you must also do the same.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:5)</strong></a> “Happy are the mild-tempered, since they will inherit the earth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:21)</strong></a> Therefore, put away all filthiness and every trace of badness,* and accept with mildness the implanting of the word that is able to save you.*</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “and the abundance of badness.”</p><p>Or “your souls.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:1)</strong></a> Brothers, even if a man takes a false step before he is aware of it, you who have spiritual qualifications try to readjust such a man in a spirit of mildness. But keep an eye on yourself, for fear you too may be tempted.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 2:24, 25)</strong></a> For a slave of the Lord does not need to fight, but needs to be gentle* toward all, qualified to teach, showing restraint when wronged, <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>instructing with mildness those not favorably disposed. Perhaps God may give them repentance* leading to an accurate knowledge of truth,</p><p></p><p>Or “tactful.”</p><p>Or “a change of mind.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
