<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, September 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es19 docId-1102019018"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Saturday, September 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class = "themeScrp"><em>Sing praises to </em>[<em>Jehovah</em>]<em>.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 33:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">Perhaps we are apprehensive about singing because we are unsure of <em>how </em>to sing. Yet, we can improve our singing by applying some basic suggestions. You can learn to sing with power and volume by <em>breathing </em>properly. Much as electricity powers a light bulb, breathing energizes your voice when you speak or sing. You should sing as loud as you speak or even louder than that. In fact, within the context of singing praises, the Scriptures sometimes direct Jehovah’s worshippers to “shout joyfully.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 33:1-3</a>) Try the following: Choose one of your favorite songs from our songbook. Read the lyrics out loud in a strong, confident voice. Next, using the same volume, say all the words from a single phrase of the song <em>in one breath. </em>Then sing the phrase, using the same vibrant voice. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 24:14</a>) Your singing voice will become fuller, and that is a good thing. Do not let it scare you or embarrass you! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102019018-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w17.11 </em>5-6 ¶11-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 33:2)</strong></a> Give thanks to Jehovah with the harp; Sing praises* to him with a ten-stringed instrument.</p><p></p><p>Or “Make music.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 33:1-3)</strong></a> Shout joyfully, you righteous ones, because of Jehovah. It is fitting for the upright to praise him.  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>Give thanks to Jehovah with the harp; Sing praises* to him with a ten-stringed instrument.  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Sing to him a new song; Play skillfully on the strings, along with shouts of joy.</p><p></p><p>Or “Make music.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 24:14)</strong></a> They will raise their voice, They will shout joyfully. From the sea* they will proclaim the majesty of Jehovah.</p><p></p><p>Or “the west.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
