<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, January 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Monday, January 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class="themeScrp">[<em>Jehovah</em>] <em>is a God who requires exclusive devotion.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ex. 34:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">Jehovah wants us to enjoy life, and entertainment can help us to do that. In fact, God’s Word says that “there is nothing better for a man than to eat and drink and find enjoyment in his hard work.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eccl. 2:24</a>) However, much of the entertainment in the world can have a bad effect on us. It degrades people’s moral standards, encouraging them to tolerate​—or even to love—​things that God’s Word condemns. We want to give Jehovah exclusive devotion, so we cannot eat from “the table of Jehovah” and “the table of demons.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 10:21, 22</a>) Eating a meal with someone is often a sign of friendship. If we choose entertainment that promotes violence, spiritism, immorality, or other fleshly desires and attitudes, we are, in effect, sharing a meal prepared by enemies of God. As a result, we not only harm ourselves but also damage our friendship with Jehovah. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>26 ¶2;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation2"> 29-30 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ex. 34:14)</strong></a> You must not bow down to another god, for Jehovah is known for* requiring exclusive devotion.* Yes, he is a God who requires exclusive devotion.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “Jehovah, his name is.”</p><p>Or “not tolerating rivals.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eccl. 2:24)</strong></a> There is nothing better for a man than to eat and drink and find enjoyment* in his hard work. This too, I have realized, is from the hand of the true God,</p><p></p><p>Or “cause his soul to see good.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 10:21, 22)</strong></a> You cannot be drinking the cup of Jehovah and the cup of demons; you cannot be partaking of “the table of Jehovah” and the table of demons. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>Or ‘are we inciting Jehovah to jealousy’? We are not stronger than he is, are we?</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
