<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, January 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47">Saturday, January 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class="themeScrp"><em>I saw . . . a great crowd . . . standing before the throne and before the Lamb.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rev. 7:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">In 1935, Jehovah’s Witnesses came to realize that the great crowd do not literally have to be in heaven to stand “before the throne and before the Lamb.” Rather, their position is figurative. Even though they would live on earth, the great crowd could stand “before the throne” by recognizing Jehovah’s authority and by submitting to his sovereignty. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 66:1</a>) They could stand “before the Lamb” by exercising faith in Jesus’ ransom sacrifice. Similarly, at <span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matthew 25:31, 32</a>, “all the nations”​—including the wicked—​are said to be “gathered before” Jesus on his glorious throne. Clearly, all these nations are, not in heaven, but on earth. This adjusted understanding makes sense. It explains why the Bible does not say that the great crowd is raised to heaven. Only one group is promised everlasting life in heaven​—the 144,000, who will “rule as kings over the earth” with Jesus.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rev. 5:10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>28 ¶9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:9)</strong></a> After this I saw, and look! a great crowd, which no man was able to number, out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues,* standing before the throne and before the Lamb, dressed in white robes; and there were palm branches in their hands.</p><p></p><p>Or “languages.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 66:1)</strong></a> This is what Jehovah says: “The heavens are my throne, and the earth is my footstool. Where, then, is the house that you could build for me, And where is my resting-place?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 25:31, 32)</strong></a> “When the Son of man comes in his glory, and all the angels with him, then he will sit down on his glorious throne. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>All the nations will be gathered before him, and he will separate people one from another, just as a shepherd separates the sheep from the goats.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rev. 5:10)</strong></a> and you made them to be a kingdom and priests to our God, and they are to rule as kings over the earth.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
