<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, January 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23">Friday, January 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class="themeScrp"><em>It is beauty on his part to overlook an offense.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 19:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">Jehovah did not intend for any of us to have the problems and stresses we face today. So it is understandable if a faithful servant of Jehovah speaks thoughtlessly when under great stress. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Job 6:2, 3</a>) Even if he says inaccurate things about Jehovah or about us, we should not quickly become angry at him or judge him for saying such things. At times, a person who is coping with a stressful problem also needs to receive some form of counsel or helpful discipline. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gal. 6:1</a>) How can elders handle this challenge? They do well to imitate Elihu, who listened to Job with great empathy. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Job 33:6, 7</a>) Elihu offered his counsel only after he understood Job’s thinking. Elders who follow Elihu’s example will listen carefully and try to understand the person’s situation. Then, when they offer counsel, they are more likely to reach the heart of their listener. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>22-23 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 19:11)</strong></a> The insight of a man certainly slows down his anger, And it is beauty on his part to overlook* an offense.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “pass over.”</p><p>Or “a transgression.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Job 6:2, 3)</strong></a> “If only my anguish could be fully weighed And put on scales together with my calamity!  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>For now it is heavier than the sands of the seas. That is why my words have been wild talk.*</p><p></p><p>Or “rash, reckless speech.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:1)</strong></a> Brothers, even if a man takes a false step before he is aware of it, you who have spiritual qualifications try to readjust such a man in a spirit of mildness. But keep an eye on yourself, for fear you too may be tempted.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Job 33:6, 7)</strong></a> Look! I am just like you before the true God; From the clay I too was shaped.  <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>So no fear of me should terrify you, And no pressure from me should overwhelm you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
