<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, January 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Saturday, January 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="themeScrp"><em>Obey God as ruler rather than men.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 5:29</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">How can you continue to worship Jehovah while under ban? The branch office will give the local elders instructions and practical suggestions. If the branch office cannot contact the elders, then the elders will help you and all in the congregation to continue your worship of Jehovah. They will give direction in harmony with the guidance found in the Bible and in our Christian publications. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 28:19, 20;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Heb. 10:24, 25</a>) Jehovah has promised that his servants will be well-fed spiritually. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Isa. 65:13, 14;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Luke 12:42-44</a>) So you can be certain that his organization will do everything possible to provide the spiritual encouragement you need. What can you do? When under ban, find a good place to hide your Bible and any other spiritual food you might have. Be careful never to leave such precious material​—whether it is in printed or electronic form—​in a location where it could easily be discovered. Each of us must take practical steps to remain spiritually strong. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>10 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 5:29)</strong></a> In answer Peter and the other apostles said: “We must obey God as ruler rather than men.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19, 20)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit, <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you. And look! I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:24, 25)</strong></a> And let us consider* one another so as to incite* to love and fine works, <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>not forsaking our meeting together, as some have the custom, but encouraging one another, and all the more so as you see the day drawing near.</p><p></p><p>Or “be concerned about; pay attention to.”</p><p>Or “motivate; stir up.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 65:13, 14)</strong></a> Therefore this is what the Sovereign Lord Jehovah says: “Look! My servants will eat, but you will go hungry. Look! My servants will drink, but you will go thirsty. Look! My servants will rejoice, but you will suffer shame. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>Look! My servants will shout joyfully because of the good condition of the heart, But you will cry out because of the pain of heart And you will wail because of a broken spirit.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Luke 12:42-44)</strong></a> And the Lord said: “Who really is the faithful steward, the discreet one, whom his master will appoint over his body of attendants to keep giving them their measure of food supplies at the proper time? <strong><sup>43 </sup></strong>Happy is that slave if his master on coming finds him doing so! <strong><sup>44 </sup></strong>I tell you truthfully, he will appoint him over all his belongings.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
