<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, January 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Tuesday, January 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class="themeScrp"><em>Let your light shine before men, so that they may see your fine works.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 5:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">Jehovah draws people to him by means of the “fine works” of the Christian congregation. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 5:14, 15;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 1 Pet. 2:12</a>) If your mate is not one of Jehovah’s Witnesses, has he or she met members of your congregation? Invite your mate to attend congregation meetings with you. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 14:24, 25</a>) We hope that all our relatives will join us in serving Jehovah. However, despite all our efforts to help our relatives to become God’s servants, they may not come into the truth. If that is the case, we should not blame ourselves for their decision. After all, we cannot force anyone to accept our beliefs. Even so, do not underestimate the influence you can have on your relatives as they see how happy you are serving Jehovah. Pray for them. Tactfully speak to them. Do not hold back! (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Acts 20:20</a>) Be confident that Jehovah will bless your efforts. And if your relatives choose to listen to you, they will be saved! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>18-19 ¶15-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:16)</strong></a> Likewise, let your light shine before men, so that they may see your fine works and give glory to your Father who is in the heavens.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:14, 15)</strong></a> “You are the light of the world. A city cannot be hid when located on a mountain. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>People light a lamp and set it, not under a basket, but on the lampstand, and it shines on all those in the house.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:12)</strong></a> Maintain your conduct fine among the nations, so that when they accuse you of being wrongdoers, they may be eyewitnesses of your fine works and, as a result, glorify God in the day of his inspection.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 14:24, 25)</strong></a> But if you are all prophesying and an unbeliever or an ordinary person comes in, he will be reproved and closely examined by them all. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>The secrets of his heart then become evident, so that he will fall facedown and worship God, declaring: “God is really among you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 20:20)</strong></a> while I did not hold back from telling you any of the things that were profitable* nor from teaching you publicly and from house to house.</p><p></p><p>Or “for your good; for your benefit.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
