<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, January 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Sunday, January 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class="themeScrp"><em>I have become all things to people of all sorts, so that I might by all possible means save some.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 9:22</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">For thousands of years, the majority of people in the world seemed to have some form of religious belief. But in recent decades a remarkable change has taken place. More and more people do not view themselves as religious. In fact, in some countries the majority of the population describe themselves as not being religious. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 24:12</a>) Why? Some may be distracted by pleasures or anxieties. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 8:14</a>) Some have become atheists. Others believe in God but think that religion is old-fashioned, irrelevant, and incompatible with science and logical thinking. They may hear friends, teachers, or media personalities say that life evolved, but they rarely hear logical reasons for believing in God. Others are repelled by clergy who are greedy for money and power. In some places, governments officially limit religious activity. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>20 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 9:22)</strong></a> To the weak I became weak, in order to gain the weak. I have become all things to people of all sorts, so that I might by all possible means save some.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:12)</strong></a> and because of the increasing of lawlessness, the love of the greater number will grow cold.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 8:14)</strong></a> As for that which fell among the thorns, these are the ones who have heard, but by being carried away by anxieties, riches, and pleasures of this life, they are completely choked and bring nothing to maturity.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
