<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, January 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Saturday, January 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>The Devil . . . is a liar and the father of the lie.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 8:44</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">Satan’s lies about the dead slander Jehovah. Those lies include the false teaching that the dead suffer fiery torment. Such teachings slander God! How so? In effect, they attribute to him, the God of love, the personality of the Devil. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 John 4:8</a>) How does that make you feel? More important, how does it make Jehovah feel? After all, he hates all forms of cruelty. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Jer. 19:5</a>) Satan’s lies about death undermine belief in Christ’s ransom sacrifice. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 20:28</a>) Another satanic lie is that humans have an immortal soul. If that were true, everyone would live forever. Christ would not have had to give his life as a ransom for us to gain everlasting life. Keep in mind that Christ’s sacrifice is the greatest expression of love ever shown to the human family. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">John 3:16;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 15:13</a>) Imagine how Jehovah and his Son must feel about teachings that undermine that precious gift! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>14 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation2"> 16 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 8:44)</strong></a> You are from your father the Devil, and you wish to do the desires of your father. That one was a murderer when he began, and he did not stand fast in the truth, because truth is not in him. When he speaks the lie, he speaks according to his own disposition, because he is a liar and the father of the lie.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 John 4:8)</strong></a> Whoever does not love has not come to know God, because God is love.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jer. 19:5)</strong></a> They built the high places of Baʹal in order to burn their sons in the fire as whole burnt offerings to Baʹal, something that I had not commanded or spoken of and that had never even come into my heart.”’*</p><p></p><p>Or “had never entered my thoughts.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 20:28)</strong></a> Just as the Son of man came, not to be ministered to, but to minister and to give his life as a ransom in exchange for many.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 3:16)</strong></a> “For God loved the world so much that he gave his only-begotten Son, so that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(John 15:13)</strong></a> No one has love greater than this, that someone should surrender his life in behalf of his friends.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
