<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, January 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Friday, January 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="themeScrp"><em>We love, because he first loved us.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 John 4:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">Before studying with Jehovah’s Witnesses, you may have formed a deep appreciation for the Bible. And you may have developed a love for Jesus. Now that you have come to know Jehovah’s Witnesses, you might love to associate with them. But loving those good things will not necessarily make you want to dedicate yourself to Jehovah and get baptized. The primary motivation that will lead you to baptism is love for Jehovah God himself. When you love Jehovah more than all else, you will not let anything or anyone prevent you from serving him. You could view love for Jehovah as both the gateway to baptism and the guardrail that helps you stay on the path of serving God. Jesus said that we must love Jehovah with our whole heart, soul, mind, and strength. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Mark 12:30</a>) How can you learn to love and respect Jehovah that deeply? Reflecting on Jehovah’s love for us moves us to love him in return. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.03 </em>4 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 John 4:19)</strong></a> We love, because he first loved us.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Mark 12:30)</strong></a> and you must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind and with your whole strength.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
