<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, January 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71">Sunday, January 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class="themeScrp"><em>A true friend . . . is a brother who is born for times of distress.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 17:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">Around the world, many servants of Jehovah are facing stressful, even painful, situations. Some Christians are dealing with a serious illness or with the death of a loved one. Others are enduring the intense pain of seeing a family member or close friend leave the truth. Still others are coping with the effects of natural disasters. All such brothers and sisters need comfort. How can we help them? Be a loyal friend. Loyal friends make sacrifices in order to support their brothers and sisters. For example, a brother named Peter was diagnosed with a very aggressive terminal illness. His wife, Kathryn, says: “A couple in our congregation took us to the appointment where we found out about Peter’s illness. They decided not to let us go on this painful journey alone, and they have been by our side whenever we have needed them.” How comforting it is to have true friends, who can help us to endure our trials! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>8 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation2"> 9 ¶5;</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation3"> 10 ¶6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 17:17)</strong></a> A true friend shows love at all times And is a brother who is born for times of distress.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
