<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, January 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Thursday, January 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>Do not put out the fire of the spirit.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Thess. 5:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">We do well to ask ourselves, ‘Am I grateful to be associated with the earthly part of Jehovah’s organization?’ Jehovah has given us convincing evidence that he is blessing his people today. We truly have much to be thankful for. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Thess. 5:18</a>) How can we show our support for the organization that Jehovah is using? By following the Bible-based direction we are given in our publications and at our meetings, assemblies, and conventions. In addition, we can show our support by sharing as fully as possible in the preaching and teaching work. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 15:58</a>) May we obtain Jehovah’s approval for our sacrifices to be accepted. May we serve Jehovah because we are grateful to him. May we continue to give our best to Jehovah because we love him with all our heart. And may we wholeheartedly support the organization that he is blessing today. In all such ways, we can show Jehovah that we cherish the privilege we have to serve him as his Witnesses! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>25 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:19)</strong></a> Do not put out the fire of the spirit.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:18)</strong></a> Give thanks for everything. This is God’s will for you in Christ Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:58)</strong></a> Therefore, my beloved brothers, be steadfast, immovable, always having plenty to do in the work of the Lord, knowing that your labor is not in vain* in connection with the Lord.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “empty.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
