<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, January 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Monday, January 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="themeScrp"><em>They all became filled with holy spirit and started to speak in different languages.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 2:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">If you were one of the disciples gathered in the upper room at Pentecost 33 C.E., there would be no question in your mind that you were anointed by holy spirit. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 2:5-12</a>) But do all those who are anointed by holy spirit receive their anointing in some spectacular manner and at the same time in their life? No. Consider the matter of timing. That group of about 120 Christians were not the only ones anointed by holy spirit on that day. Later that day, about 3,000 others also received the promised holy spirit. Their anointing occurred when they got baptized. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 2:37, 38,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 41</a>) But in the years that followed, not all anointed Christians received their anointing at their baptism. The Samaritans received their anointing sometime after their baptism. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Acts 8:14-17</a>) And in what certainly was an exceptional instance, Cornelius and his household were anointed even before they got baptized.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Acts 10:44-48</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>20-21 ¶2-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 2:4)</strong></a> and they all became filled with holy spirit and started to speak in different languages, just as the spirit enabled them to speak.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 2:5-12)</strong></a> At that time devout Jews from every nation under heaven were staying in Jerusalem. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>So when this sound occurred, a crowd gathered and was bewildered, because each one heard them speaking in his own language. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Indeed, they were utterly amazed and said: “See here, all these who are speaking are Gal·i·leʹans, are they not? <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>How is it, then, that each one of us is hearing his own native language? <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Parʹthi·ans, Medes, and Eʹlam·ites, the inhabitants of Mes·o·po·taʹmi·a, Ju·deʹa and Cap·pa·doʹci·a, Ponʹtus and the province of Asia, <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Phrygʹi·a and Pam·phylʹi·a, Egypt and the regions of Libʹy·a near Cy·reʹne, sojourners from Rome, both Jews and proselytes, <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>Creʹtans, and Arabians—we hear them speaking in our languages about the magnificent things of God.” <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>Yes, they were all astonished and perplexed, saying to one another: “What does this mean?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 2:37, 38)</strong></a> Now when they heard this, they were stabbed to the heart, and they said to Peter and the rest of the apostles: “Men, brothers, what should we do?” <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>Peter said to them: “Repent, and let each one of you be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for forgiveness of your sins, and you will receive the free gift of the holy spirit.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 2:41)</strong></a> So those who gladly accepted his word were baptized, and on that day about 3,000 people were added.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 8:14-17)</strong></a> When the apostles in Jerusalem heard that Sa·marʹi·a had accepted the word of God, they sent Peter and John to them; <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>and these went down and prayed for them to get holy spirit. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>For it had not yet come upon any one of them, but they had only been baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Then they laid their hands on them, and they began to receive holy spirit.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Acts 10:44-48)</strong></a> While Peter was still speaking about these matters, the holy spirit came upon all those hearing the word. <strong><sup>45 </sup></strong>And the circumcised believers who had come with Peter were amazed, because the free gift of the holy spirit was being poured out also on people of the nations. <strong><sup>46 </sup></strong>For they heard them speaking in foreign languages and magnifying God. Then Peter responded: <strong><sup>47 </sup></strong>“Can anyone deny water to prevent these from being baptized who have received the holy spirit just as we have?” <strong><sup>48 </sup></strong>With that he commanded them to be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. Then they requested him to stay for some days.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
