<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, January 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Tuesday, January 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class="themeScrp"><em>I have made your name known to them.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 17:26</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">In the four Gospels alone, Jesus used the term “Father” some 165 times in reference to Jehovah. Why did Jesus speak so much about Jehovah? One reason is that people might be convinced that Jehovah is a loving Father. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 17:25</a>) Consider what we learn about Jehovah from the way that he treated his Son, Jesus. Jehovah always heard Jesus’ prayers. He not only heard Jesus’ prayers but also answered them. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 11:41, 42</a>) No matter what trials Jesus faced, he sensed his Father’s love and support. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Luke 22:42, 43</a>) As a loving Father, Jehovah made sure that Jesus knew he had his Father’s backing. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 26:53;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> John 8:16</a>) While Jehovah did not shield Jesus from all injury, He helped him to endure trials. Jesus was assured that any harm he might suffer would be temporary. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Heb. 12:2</a>) Jehovah proved that he cared for Jesus by listening to him, providing for him, training him, and supporting him.​—<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">John 5:20;</a><span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9"> 8:28</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>3 ¶6-7,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation2"> 9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 17:26)</strong></a> I have made your name known to them and will make it known, so that the love with which you loved me may be in them and I in union with them.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 17:25)</strong></a> Righteous Father, the world has, indeed, not come to know you, but I know you, and these have come to know that you sent me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 11:41, 42)</strong></a> So they took the stone away. Then Jesus raised his eyes heavenward and said: “Father, I thank you that you have heard me. <strong><sup>42 </sup></strong>True, I knew that you always hear me; but I spoke on account of the crowd standing around, so that they may believe that you sent me.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 22:42, 43)</strong></a> saying: “Father, if you want to, remove this cup from me. Nevertheless, let, not my will, but yours take place.” <strong><sup>43 </sup></strong>Then an angel from heaven appeared to him and strengthened him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:53)</strong></a> Or do you think that I cannot appeal to my Father to supply me at this moment more than 12 legions of angels?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(John 8:16)</strong></a> And yet even if I do judge, my judgment is truthful, because I am not alone, but the Father who sent me is with me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Heb. 12:2)</strong></a> as we look intently at the Chief Agent and Perfecter of our faith, Jesus. For the joy that was set before him he endured a torture stake,* despising shame, and has sat down at the right hand of the throne of God.</p><p></p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(John 5:20)</strong></a> For the Father has affection for the Son and shows him all the things he himself does, and he will show him works greater than these, so that you may marvel.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(John 8:28)</strong></a> Jesus then said: “After you have lifted up the Son of man, then you will know that I am he and that I do nothing of my own initiative; but just as the Father taught me, I speak these things.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
