<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, January 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Tuesday, January 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class="themeScrp"><em>Men spoke from God as they were moved by holy spirit.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Pet. 1:21</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">To benefit from the wind, a sailor must do two things. First, he has to put his boat in the path of the wind. After all, his boat will not move forward if the sailor remains in a harbor far away from where the wind is blowing. Second, he needs to raise and unfurl his sails as fully as possible. Obviously, even with the wind blowing, his boat will move forward only if the sails catch the wind. Similarly, we will endure in Jehovah’s service only if we have the help of holy spirit. To benefit from that spirit, we must take two steps. First, we must put ourselves squarely in the path of God’s spirit by sharing in activities that bring us under its influence. Second, we need to “raise our sails” as fully as possible by being fully engaged in these activities to the best of our ability. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 119:32</a>) Holy spirit will then push us forward through waves of opposition and trials and will help us to endure faithfully. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>9 ¶8;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation2"> 10 ¶11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 1:21)</strong></a> For prophecy was at no time brought by man’s will, but men spoke from God as they were moved* by holy spirit.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “carried along; borne along.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:32)</strong></a> I will eagerly pursue* the way of your commandments Because you make room for it in my heart.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “will run.”</p><p>Or possibly, “you make my heart have the confidence.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
