<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, January 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Thursday, January 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>I reside in the high and holy place, but also with those crushed and lowly in spirit.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Isa. 57:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">In recent years, many with decades of experience have received a change of assignment. Such adjustments were not easy for these brothers and sisters to make. Obviously, they felt attached to their former assignment, in many cases one that they had cherished for years. Some went through a “grieving” process as they adjusted to their new circumstances. In time, though, they were able to adjust. Why? Above all, because of their love for Jehovah. They knew that they were dedicated to God​—not to a work, a title, or an assignment. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Col. 3:23</a>) They are glad to continue serving Jehovah humbly in any capacity. They “throw all [their] anxiety on him,” knowing that he cares for them. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Pet. 5:6, 7</a>) When we cultivate the endearing quality of humility, we benefit both ourselves and others. We are better able to deal with life’s challenges. Above all, we draw closer to our heavenly Father. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>6-7 ¶15-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Isa. 57:15)</strong></a> For this is what the High and Lofty One says, Who lives* forever and whose name is holy: “I reside in the high and holy place, But also with those crushed and lowly in spirit, To revive the spirit of the lowly And to revive the heart of those being crushed.</p><p></p><p>Or “resides.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Col. 3:23)</strong></a> Whatever you are doing, work at it whole-souled* as for Jehovah,* and not for men,</p><p></p><p>See Glossary, “Soul.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:6, 7)</strong></a> Humble yourselves, therefore, under the mighty hand of God, so that he may exalt you in due time, <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>while you throw all your anxiety* on him, because he cares for you.</p><p></p><p>Or “cares; worries.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
