<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, January 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Thursday, January 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class="themeScrp"><em>I am the least of the apostles, and I am not worthy of being called an apostle.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 15:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">The 12 apostles followed Jesus during his earthly ministry, but the apostle Paul did not become a Christian until after Jesus’ death and resurrection. Although he was eventually appointed to be “an apostle to the nations,” Paul did not qualify for the special privilege of becoming one of the 12 apostles. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 11:13;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Acts 1:21-26</a>) Rather than envying those 12 men and the close association they had enjoyed with Jesus, Paul remained content with what he had. If we are content and humble, we will be like Paul and show respect for the authority that Jehovah has given to others. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 21:20-26</a>) He has arranged for appointed men to take the lead in the Christian congregation. Despite their imperfections, Jehovah considers them “gifts in men.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Eph. 4:8,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 11</a>) When we respect these appointed men and humbly follow their direction, we stay close to Jehovah and enjoy peace with our fellow Christians. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>17 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:9)</strong></a> For I am the least of the apostles, and I am not worthy of being called an apostle, because I persecuted the congregation of God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 11:13)</strong></a> Now I speak to you who are people of the nations. Seeing that I am an apostle to the nations, I glorify my ministry</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 1:21-26)</strong></a> It is therefore necessary that of the men who accompanied us during all the time in which the Lord Jesus carried on his activities among us, <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>starting with his baptism by John until the day he was taken up from us, one of these men should become a witness with us of his resurrection.” <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>So they proposed two, Joseph called Barʹsab·bas, who was also called Justus, and Mat·thiʹas. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>Then they prayed and said: “You, O Jehovah, who know the hearts of all, designate which one of these two men you have chosen <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>to take the place of this ministry and apostleship, from which Judas deviated to go to his own place.” <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>So they cast lots over them, and the lot fell to Mat·thiʹas, and he was counted along with the 11 apostles.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 21:20-26)</strong></a> After hearing this, they began to glorify God, but they said to him: “You see, brother, how many thousands of believers there are among the Jews, and they are all zealous for the Law. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>But they have heard it rumored about you that you have been teaching all the Jews among the nations an apostasy from Moses, telling them not to circumcise their children or to follow the customary practices. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>What, then, is to be done about it? They are certainly going to hear that you have arrived. <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>So do what we tell you: We have four men who have put themselves under a vow. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>Take these men with you and cleanse yourself ceremonially together with them and take care of their expenses, so that they may have their heads shaved. Then everyone will know that there is nothing to the rumors they were told about you, but that you are walking orderly and you are also keeping the Law. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>As for the believers from among the nations, we have sent them our decision in writing that they should keep away from what is sacrificed to idols as well as from blood, from what is strangled, and from sexual immorality.” <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>Then Paul took the men the next day and cleansed himself ceremonially along with them, and he went into the temple to give notice of when the days for the ceremonial cleansing would be completed and the offering should be presented for each one of them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:8)</strong></a> For it says: “When he ascended on high he carried away captives; he gave gifts in men.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:11)</strong></a> And he gave some as apostles, some as prophets, some as evangelizers,* some as shepherds and teachers,</p><p></p><p>Or “proclaimers of the good news.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
