<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, January 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021400"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><strong>January</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Friday, January 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp"><em>Go, . . . and make disciples of people of all the nations.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 28:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">All of God’s faithful servants want to learn how they can “fully accomplish” the ministry that they have been given to do. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Tim. 4:5</a>) After all, this work is more important and more urgent than any other occupation in life. However, it can be a challenge to spend as much time in the ministry as we would like. Other important activities demand our time and energy. We may have to work secularly many hours a day to provide the necessities of life for ourselves and our family. We may struggle with other family responsibilities, sickness, depression, or the aches and pains of advancing age. If our circumstances limit the amount of time we can spend in Jehovah’s service, we should not feel discouraged. Jesus knew that not every one of us would be able to produce the same amount of Kingdom fruitage. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 13:23</a>) Jehovah highly values everything we do in his service as long as we are doing our best.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Heb. 6:10-12</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021400-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>2 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 4:5)</strong></a> You, though, keep your senses in all things, endure hardship, do the work of an evangelizer,* fully accomplish your ministry.</p><p></p><p>Or “keep preaching the good news.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 13:23)</strong></a> As for the one sown upon the fine soil, this is the one hearing the word and getting the sense of it, who really does bear fruit and produces, this one 100 times more, that one 60, the other 30.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 6:10-12)</strong></a> For God is not unrighteous so as to forget your work and the love you showed for his name by ministering and continuing to minister to the holy ones. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>But we desire each one of you to show the same industriousness so as to have the full assurance of the hope down to the end, <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>so that you may not become sluggish, but be imitators of those who through faith and patience inherit the promises.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
