<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, October 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Wednesday, October 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>Ten men out of all the languages of the nations . . . will take firm hold of the robe of a Jew, saying: “We want to go with you, for we have heard that God is with you people.”​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Zech. 8:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">The “ten men” represent those who have the hope of living forever on earth. They know that Jehovah has blessed the group of anointed ones represented by the “Jew” and feel that it is an honor to worship him along with them. Even though it is not possible to know the name of each individual member of the anointed on earth today, those who hope to live on earth can “go with” the anointed. How? Today’s text answers. Note that the Bible verse mentions one Jew. But “you” and “you people” refer to more than one person. This means that this Jew is not just one person but represents the whole group of anointed ones. Those who are not anointed serve Jehovah along with the anointed. However, they do not view the anointed as their leaders, realizing that Jesus fills the role of Leader.​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 23:10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>26 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Zech. 8:23)</strong></a> “This is what Jehovah of armies says, ‘In those days ten men out of all the languages of the nations will take hold, yes, they will take firm hold of the robe* of a Jew,* saying: “We want to go with you, for we have heard that God is with you people.”’”</p><p></p><p>Or “extremity of the garment.”</p><p>Lit., “a Jewish man.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 23:10)</strong></a> Neither be called leaders, for your Leader is one, the Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
