<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, October 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Tuesday, October 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class="themeScrp"><em>Against you​—you above all—​I have sinned.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 51:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">If you commit a serious sin, do not try to cover the error. Instead, openly confess your sin to Jehovah in prayer. You will then begin to feel some relief from the anxiety caused by a guilty conscience. But if you want to restore your friendship with Jehovah, you need to do more than pray. You need to accept discipline. When Jehovah sent the prophet Nathan to expose King David’s sin with Bath-sheba, David did not justify himself or try to minimize the sin. He immediately acknowledged that he had sinned not only against Bath-sheba’s husband but, above all, against Jehovah. David accepted the discipline from Jehovah, and Jehovah forgave him. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Sam. 12:10-14</a>) If we have committed a serious sin, we need to talk to those whom Jehovah has appointed to shepherd us. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Jas. 5:14, 15</a>) And we must avoid the urge to justify ourselves. The sooner we accept and apply whatever discipline we receive, the sooner we will regain our peace and joy. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>24-25 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 51:4)</strong></a> Against you—you above all*—I have sinned; What is bad in your eyes I have done. Therefore, you are righteous when you speak, You are right in your judgment.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “only you.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 12:10-14)</strong></a> Now a sword will never depart from your own house, because you despised me by taking the wife of U·riʹah the Hitʹtite as your wife.’ <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>This is what Jehovah says: ‘Here I am bringing against you calamity from within your own house; and before your own eyes, I will take your wives and give them to another man,* and he will lie down with your wives in broad daylight.* <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>Although you acted in secret, I will do this in front of all Israel and in broad daylight.’”* <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>David then said to Nathan: “I have sinned against Jehovah.” Nathan replied to David: “Jehovah, in turn, forgives your sin.* You will not die. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>Nevertheless, because you have treated Jehovah with utter disrespect in this matter, the son just born to you will certainly die.”</p><p></p><p>Or “to your fellow man.”</p><p>Lit., “to the eyes of this sun.”</p><p>Lit., “before the sun.”</p><p>Or “lets your sin pass by.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jas. 5:14, 15)</strong></a> Is there anyone sick among you? Let him call the elders of the congregation to him, and let them pray over him, applying oil to him in the name of Jehovah.* <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>And the prayer of faith will make the sick one* well, and Jehovah* will raise him up. Also, if he has committed sins, he will be forgiven.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p><p>Or possibly, “tired one.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
