<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, October 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Wednesday, October 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>Go, report to my brothers so that they may go to Galilee, and there they will see me.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 28:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">Jesus must have some very important instructions to give his disciples, for this meeting is the first thing he arranges after his resurrection! At the meeting that Jesus organized, he outlined the vital work that his disciples would accomplish throughout the first century​—the same work that we are accomplishing today. Jesus said: “Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, . . . teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 28:19, 20</a>) Jesus wants all his followers to preach. He did not limit this command to the 11 faithful apostles. How can we be so sure? Well, were only the apostles present when the command to make disciples was given on that mountain in Galilee? Recall that the angel said to the women: <em>“You </em>will see him [in Galilee].” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 28:7</a>) So faithful women must also have been present on that occasion. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>2-3 ¶1-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:10)</strong></a> Then Jesus said to them: “Have no fear! Go, report to my brothers so that they may go to Galʹi·lee, and there they will see me.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19, 20)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit, <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you. And look! I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:7)</strong></a> Then go quickly and tell his disciples that he was raised up from the dead, for look! he is going ahead of you into Galʹi·lee. You will see him there. Look! I have told you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
