<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, October 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8">Sunday, October 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class="themeScrp"><em>Everyone proud in heart is detestable to Jehovah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 16:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">Why does Jehovah detest proud people? One reason is that those who develop and promote an inflated love of self reflect Satan’s own arrogance. Imagine, Satan believed that Jesus​—the one whom God used to create all things—​should bow down and worship him! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 4:8, 9;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Col. 1:15, 16</a>) Those with such an inflated view of their own importance confirm that the wisdom of the world is foolishness with God. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 3:19</a>) The Bible, though, helps us to have a balanced view of ourselves. It acknowledges that a degree of self-love is proper. Jesus said: “Love your neighbor as yourself,” which indicates that we should give a reasonable amount of attention to our needs. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 19:19</a>) However, the Bible does not teach that we should elevate ourselves above others. Rather, it states: “Do nothing out of contentiousness or out of egotism, but with humility consider others superior to you.”​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Phil. 2:3;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> Rom. 12:3</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>24 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 16:5)</strong></a> Everyone proud in heart is detestable to Jehovah. Be assured* that he will not go unpunished.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “Hand to hand.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 4:8, 9)</strong></a> Again the Devil took him along to an unusually high mountain and showed him all the kingdoms of the world and their glory. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>And he said to him: “All these things I will give you if you fall down and do an act of worship to me.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Col. 1:15, 16)</strong></a> He is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of all creation; <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>because by means of him all other things were created in the heavens and on the earth, the things visible and the things invisible, whether they are thrones or lordships or governments or authorities. All other things have been created through him and for him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 3:19)</strong></a> For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God, for it is written: “He catches the wise in their own cunning.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 19:19)</strong></a> honor your father and your mother, and you must love your neighbor as yourself.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:3)</strong></a> Do nothing out of contentiousness or out of egotism, but with humility* consider others superior to you,</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:3)</strong></a> For through the undeserved kindness given to me, I tell everyone there among you not to think more of himself than it is necessary to think, but to think so as to have a sound mind, each one as God has given* to him a measure of faith.</p><p></p><p>Or “apportioned; distributed.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
