<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, October 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38">Wednesday, October 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class="themeScrp"><em>Welcome </em>[<em>Mark</em>] <em>if he comes to you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 4:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">Mark was happy to serve others. At various times he served alongside both the apostle Paul and the apostle Peter as they fulfilled their responsibilities, with Mark possibly attending to their physical needs. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 13:2-5;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 1 Pet. 5:13</a>) Paul described Mark as one of his “fellow workers for the Kingdom of God” and as “a strengthening aid” to him. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Col. 4:11</a>, ftn.) Mark became one of Paul’s close friends. For example, when Paul was imprisoned for the last time in Rome, about 65 C.E., he wrote his second letter to Timothy. In that letter, Paul asked Timothy to come to Rome and to bring Mark along. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Tim. 4:11</a>) Paul no doubt appreciated Mark’s past faithful service, so he asked for Mark’s presence at that crucial time. Mark helped Paul in practical ways, perhaps supplying him with food or items for his writing. The support and encouragement that Paul received likely helped him to endure the final days leading up to his execution. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>11 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 4:10)</strong></a> Ar·is·tarʹchus, my fellow captive, sends you his greetings, and so does Mark, the cousin of Barʹna·bas (concerning whom you received instructions to welcome him if he comes to you),</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 13:2-5)</strong></a> As they were ministering to Jehovah and fasting, the holy spirit said: “Set aside for me Barʹna·bas and Saul for the work to which I have called them.” <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Then after fasting and praying, they laid their hands on them and sent them off. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>So these men, sent out by the holy spirit, went down to Se·leuʹcia, and from there they sailed away to Cyʹprus. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>When they arrived in Salʹa·mis, they began proclaiming the word of God in the synagogues of the Jews. They also had John as an attendant.*</p><p></p><p>Or “an assistant.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:13)</strong></a> She who is in Babylon, a chosen one like you, sends you her greetings, and so does Mark, my son.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Col. 4:11)</strong></a> and Jesus who is called Justus, who are of those circumcised. Only these are my fellow workers for the Kingdom of God, and they have become a source of great comfort* to me.</p><p></p><p>Or “a strengthening aid.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 4:11)</strong></a> Only Luke is with me. Bring Mark along with you, for he is helpful to me in the ministry.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
