<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, October 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23">Friday, October 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class="themeScrp"><em>By this all will know that you are my disciples​—if you have love among yourselves.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 13:35</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">Even if you are not presently conducting a Bible study, you can assist in making disciples in other ways. For example, you can welcome new ones and befriend them when they come to the Kingdom Hall. In that way, you can help to convince them that love identifies us as true Christians. The answers you give during the meetings, though brief, can teach newly associated ones to express their convictions in a sincere and respectful manner. You can also accompany a new publisher in the ministry and help him to use the Scriptures to reason with people. By doing that, you will be teaching him to imitate Christ. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 10:25-28</a>) Many Christians are very busy caring for important responsibilities. Still, they make time for conducting Bible studies, and they get much joy from it. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>17 ¶11,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation2"> 13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 13:35)</strong></a> By this all will know that you are my disciples—if you have love among yourselves.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 10:25-28)</strong></a> Now look! a man versed in the Law stood up to test him and said: “Teacher, what do I need to do to inherit everlasting life?” <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>He said to him: “What is written in the Law? How do you read?” <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>In answer he said: “‘You must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole strength and with your whole mind’ and ‘your neighbor as yourself.’” <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>He said to him: “You answered correctly; keep doing this and you will get life.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
