<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, October 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Monday, October 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class="themeScrp"><em>God is not unrighteous so as to forget your work and the love you showed for his name.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 6:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">In the book of Leviticus, we learn that an Israelite could offer a communion sacrifice “as an expression of thanksgiving.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Lev. 7:11-13,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 16-18</a>) He made this offering, not because he had to, but because he wanted to. Like those communion sacrifices, our service to Jehovah is a voluntary expression of how we feel about him. We give Jehovah our best, and we do so because we love him with all our heart. How pleased Jehovah must be to see millions of willing worshippers serve him out of deep love for him and his ways! Jehovah sees and values not only our actions but also our motives. For example, if you are elderly and can no longer do as much as you would like, be assured that Jehovah sees beyond your limitations. You may feel that you have little to offer, but Jehovah sees the love deep within you that motivates you to do what you can do. He is pleased to accept the best that you can give. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>22 ¶9;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation2"> 23 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 6:10)</strong></a> For God is not unrighteous so as to forget your work and the love you showed for his name by ministering and continuing to minister to the holy ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Lev. 7:11-13)</strong></a> “‘Now this is the law of the communion sacrifice that one may present to Jehovah: <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>If he presents it as an expression of thanksgiving, he will present along with the thanksgiving sacrifice unleavened ring-shaped loaves mixed with oil, unleavened wafers spread with oil, and ring-shaped loaves made with fine flour, well-mixed and blended with oil. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>He will present his offering along with ring-shaped loaves of leavened bread and the thanksgiving sacrifice of his communion sacrifices.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Lev. 7:16-18)</strong></a> “‘If the sacrifice of his offering is a vow or a voluntary offering, it is to be eaten on the day he presents his sacrifice, and what is left of it may also be eaten on the next day. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>But whatever is left of the flesh of the sacrifice on the third day is to be burned with fire. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>However, if any of the flesh of his communion sacrifice is eaten on the third day, the one presenting it will not be accepted with approval. It will not be credited to him; it is an offensive thing, and the person* who eats some of it will answer for his error.</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
