<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, October 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Saturday, October 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp">[<em>Teach</em>] <em>them to observe all the things I have commanded you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 28:20</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">When conducting a Bible study, start the session with prayer. Generally speaking, it is best to begin opening and closing the study with prayer as soon as possible, usually within the first few weeks after starting a regular study. We must help the student to realize that we can understand God’s Word only with the help of God’s spirit. Some Bible teachers raise the subject of prayer by reading <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">James 1:5</a>, which states: “If any one of you is lacking in wisdom, let him keep asking God.” The conductor then asks the student, “How can we ask God for wisdom?” The student will likely agree that we should pray to God. Teach your student how to pray. Reassure him that Jehovah wants to hear his heartfelt prayers. Explain that in our private prayers, we can really open our heart to Jehovah​—expressing feelings that we might hesitate to share with any human. After all, Jehovah already knows our innermost thoughts.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 139:2-4</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>2 ¶3;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation2"> 5 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:20)</strong></a> teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you. And look! I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:5)</strong></a> So if any one of you is lacking in wisdom, let him keep asking God, for he gives generously to all and without reproaching,* and it will be given him.</p><p></p><p>Or “finding fault.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 139:2-4)</strong></a> You know when I sit down and when I rise up. You discern my thoughts from afar.  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>You observe* me when I travel and when I lie down; You are familiar with all my ways.  <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>There is not a word on my tongue, But look! O Jehovah, you already know it well.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “measure.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
