<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, October 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71">Sunday, October 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class="themeScrp"><em>It depends, not on a person’s desire or on his effort, but on God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 9:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">Jehovah decides when he will choose anointed ones. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 8:28-30</a>) Jehovah began choosing anointed ones after Jesus was resurrected. It seems that in the first century, all true Christians were anointed. In the centuries that followed, most of those who claimed that they were Christians did not really follow Christ. Even so, during those years, Jehovah anointed the few who were true Christians. They were like the wheat that Jesus said would grow among the weeds. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 13:24-30</a>) During the last days, Jehovah has continued to choose people who will be part of the 144,000. So if God decides to choose some of these just before the end, surely we should not question his wisdom. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rom. 9:11</a>) We must be careful not to react like the workers whom Jesus described in one of his illustrations. They complained about the way their master treated those who started working in the last hour.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 20:8-15</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>30 ¶14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 9:16)</strong></a> So, then, it depends, not on a person’s desire or on his effort, but on God, who has mercy.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:28-30)</strong></a> We know that God makes all his works cooperate together for the good of those who love God, those who are the ones called according to his purpose; <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>because those whom he gave his first recognition he also foreordained to be patterned after the image of his Son, so that he might be the firstborn among many brothers. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>Moreover, those whom he foreordained are the ones he also called; and those whom he called are the ones he also declared to be righteous. Finally those whom he declared righteous are the ones he also glorified.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 13:24-30)</strong></a> He presented another illustration to them, saying: “The Kingdom of the heavens may be likened to a man who sowed fine seed in his field. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>While men were sleeping, his enemy came and oversowed weeds in among the wheat and left. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>When the stalk sprouted and produced fruit, then the weeds also appeared. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>So the slaves of the master of the house came and said to him, ‘Master, did you not sow fine seed in your field? How, then, does it have weeds?’ <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>He said to them, ‘An enemy, a man, did this.’ The slaves said to him, ‘Do you want us, then, to go out and collect them?’ <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>He said, ‘No, for fear that while collecting the weeds, you uproot the wheat with them. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>Let both grow together until the harvest, and in the harvest season, I will tell the reapers: First collect the weeds and bind them in bundles to burn them up; then gather the wheat into my storehouse.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 9:11)</strong></a> for when they had not yet been born and had not practiced anything good or bad, so that God’s purpose respecting the choosing might continue dependent, not on works, but on the One who calls,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 20:8-15)</strong></a> “When evening came, the master of the vineyard said to his man in charge, ‘Call the workers and pay them their wages, starting with the last and ending with the first.’ <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>When the 11th-hour men came, they each received a de·narʹi·us. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>So when the first came, they assumed that they would receive more, but they too were paid at the rate of a de·narʹi·us. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>On receiving it, they began to complain against the master of the house <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>and said, ‘These last men put in one hour’s work; still you made them equal to us who bore the burden of the day and the burning heat!’ <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>But he said in reply to one of them, ‘Fellow, I do you no wrong. You agreed with me for a de·narʹi·us, did you not? <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>Take what is yours and go. I want to give to this last one the same as to you. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Do I not have the right to do what I want with my own things? Or is your eye envious because I am good?’</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
