<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, October 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Friday, October 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class="themeScrp"><em>By wisdom a house is built up, and by discernment it is made secure.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 24:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">Needing help, David’s men asked a wealthy Israelite named Nabal for a little food. They felt free to ask because they had been protecting Nabal’s flocks in the wilderness. But selfish Nabal refused to give them anything. David became furious and intended to wipe out Nabal and every male of his household. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted15.xhtml#citation2">1 Sam. 25:3-13,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 22</a>) However, Nabal’s wife, Abigail, was as discerning as she was beautiful. Showing great courage, she fell at David’s feet and urged him not to incur bloodguilt by taking revenge. She tactfully advised him to leave matters in Jehovah’s hands. Abigail’s humble words and discreet actions touched David’s heart. He rightly concluded that Jehovah had sent her. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Sam. 25:23-28,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 32-34</a>) Abigail had cultivated qualities that made her useful to Jehovah. Similarly, Christian sisters who develop tact and discernment can be used by Jehovah to build up their families and others in the congregation.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Titus 2:3-5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>23 ¶10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 24:3)</strong></a> By wisdom a house* is built up, And by discernment it is made secure.</p><p></p><p>Or “household.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 25:22)</strong></a> May God do the same and more to the enemies of David* if I allow a single male* of his to survive until the morning.”</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “to David.”</p><p>Lit., “anyone urinating against a wall.” A Hebrew expression of contempt referring to males.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 25:23-28)</strong></a> When Abʹi·gail caught sight of David, she hurried down off the donkey and threw herself facedown before David, bowing to the ground. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>She then fell at his feet and said: “My lord, let the blame be on me; let your servant girl speak to you, and listen to the words of your servant girl. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>Please, do not let my lord pay attention to this worthless Naʹbal, for he is just like his name. Naʹbal* is his name, and senselessness is with him. But I, your servant girl, did not see my lord’s young men whom you sent. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>And now, my lord, as surely as Jehovah is living and as you are* living, it is Jehovah who has held you back from incurring bloodguilt and from taking revenge* with your own hand. May your enemies and those seeking injury to my lord become like Naʹbal. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>Now let this gift* that your servant girl has brought to my lord be given to the young men who are following my lord. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>Pardon, please, the transgression of your servant girl, for Jehovah will without fail make for my lord a lasting house, because my lord is fighting the wars of Jehovah, and no evil has been found in you all your days.</p><p></p><p>Meaning “Senseless; Stupid.”</p><p>Or “your soul is.”</p><p>Or “bringing salvation.”</p><p>Lit., “blessing.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 25:32-34)</strong></a> At this David said to Abʹi·gail: “Praise Jehovah the God of Israel, who sent you this day to meet me! <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>And blessed be your good sense! May you be blessed for restraining me this day from incurring bloodguilt and from taking revenge* with my own hands. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>Otherwise, as surely as Jehovah the God of Israel who held me back from harming you is living, if you had not come quickly to meet me, by morning there would not have remained a single male* belonging to Naʹbal.”</p><p></p><p>Or “bringing salvation.”</p><p>Lit., “anyone urinating against a wall.” A Hebrew expression of contempt referring to males.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Titus 2:3-5)</strong></a> Likewise, let the older women be reverent in behavior, not slanderous, not enslaved to a lot of wine, teachers of what is good, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>so that they may advise* the younger women to love their husbands, to love their children, <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>to be sound in mind, chaste, working at home,* good, subjecting themselves to their own husbands, so that the word of God may not be spoken of abusively.</p><p></p><p>Or “recall to their senses; train.”</p><p>Or “caring for their homes.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
