<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, October 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Monday, October 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class="themeScrp"><em>Stop being molded by this system of things, but be transformed by making your mind over.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 12:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">Think back to the changes you needed to make when you first accepted the truth of God’s Word and decided to serve Jehovah. For many of us, this involved giving up some form of wrong conduct. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 6:9-11</a>) How grateful we are for Jehovah’s help in overcoming such sinful practices! However, we must never become complacent. Even though we stopped committing serious sins that we engaged in before baptism, we still need to be diligent about avoiding anything that would tempt us to return to those former deeds. A twofold action is required. First, we need to “stop being molded,” or shaped, by this world. Second, we need to “be transformed” by making our mind over. The transformation involves more than a superficial change in appearance. It touches every fiber of our being. We need to make over our mind​—our innermost attitudes, feelings, and inclinations. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>9 ¶4-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:2)</strong></a> And stop being molded by this system of things, but be transformed by making your mind over, so that you may prove to yourselves the good and acceptable and perfect will of God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 6:9-11)</strong></a> Or do you not know that unrighteous people will not inherit God’s Kingdom? Do not be misled.* Those who are sexually immoral, idolaters, adulterers, men who submit to homosexual acts, men who practice homosexuality, <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>thieves, greedy people, drunkards, revilers, and extortioners will not inherit God’s Kingdom. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>And yet that is what some of you were. But you have been washed clean; you have been sanctified; you have been declared righteous in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and with the spirit of our God.</p><p></p><p>Or “Do not be deceived.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
