<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, October 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Sunday, October 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah is merciful and compassionate . . . He will not always find fault, nor will he stay resentful forever.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 103:8, 9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">Jeremiah wrote the book named after him, and he likely also wrote the Bible books of 1 and 2 Kings. That assignment no doubt made him especially aware of Jehovah’s mercy toward imperfect humans. For example, he knew that when King Ahab repented of his bad deeds, Jehovah spared him from seeing his entire family destroyed during his lifetime. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Ki. 21:27-29</a>) Similarly, Jeremiah knew that Manasseh did even more to offend Jehovah than Ahab did. Even so, Jehovah forgave Manasseh because he repented. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Ki. 21:16, 17;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 2 Chron. 33:10-13</a>) Those accounts must have helped Jeremiah to imitate God’s patience and mercy. Consider how Jeremiah dealt with Baruch when he temporarily became distracted in his assignment. Instead of quickly giving up on his friend, Jeremiah helped Baruch by sharing God’s kind but frank message with him.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Jer. 45:1-5</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>6 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 103:8, 9)</strong></a> Jehovah is merciful and compassionate,* Slow to anger and abundant in loyal love.*  <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>He will not always find fault, Nor will he stay resentful forever.</p><p></p><p>Or “gracious.”</p><p>Or “loving-kindness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 21:27-29)</strong></a> As soon as Aʹhab heard these words, he ripped his garments apart and put sackcloth on his body; and he went on a fast and kept lying down in sackcloth and walking despondently. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>Jehovah’s word then came to E·liʹjah the Tishʹbite: <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>“Have you seen how Aʹhab has humbled himself on my account? Because he has humbled himself before me, I will not bring the calamity during his lifetime. I will bring the calamity upon his house in the days of his son.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Ki. 21:16, 17)</strong></a> Ma·nasʹseh also shed innocent blood in very great quantity until he had filled Jerusalem from one end to the other, besides his sin of causing Judah to sin by doing what was bad in the eyes of Jehovah. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>As for the rest of the history of Ma·nasʹseh and all that he did and the sins that he committed, are they not written in the book of the history of the times of the kings of Judah?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Chron. 33:10-13)</strong></a> Jehovah kept speaking to Ma·nasʹseh and his people, but they paid no attention. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>So Jehovah brought against them the army chiefs of the king of As·syrʹi·a, and they captured Ma·nasʹseh with hooks* and bound him with two copper fetters and took him to Babylon. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>In his distress, he begged Jehovah his God for favor* and kept humbling himself greatly before the God of his forefathers. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>He kept praying to Him, and He was moved by his entreaty and heard his request for favor, and He restored him to Jerusalem to his kingship. Then Ma·nasʹseh came to know that Jehovah is the true God.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “in the hollows.”</p><p>Or “softened the face of Jehovah his God.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Jer. 45:1-5)</strong></a> This is the word that Jeremiah the prophet spoke to Barʹuch the son of Ne·riʹah when he wrote in a book these words dictated by Jeremiah in the fourth year of Je·hoiʹa·kim son of Jo·siʹah, the king of Judah: <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>“This is what Jehovah the God of Israel says concerning you, Barʹuch, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>‘You have said: “Woe to me, for Jehovah has added grief to my pain! I am weary from my groaning, and I have found no resting-place.”’ <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>“You should say to him, ‘This is what Jehovah says: “Look! What I have built up I am tearing down, and what I have planted I am uprooting—the entire land. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>But you are seeking* great things for yourself. Stop seeking such things.”’ “‘For I am about to bring a calamity on all flesh,’* declares Jehovah, ‘and wherever you may go, I will grant you your life* as a spoil.’”*</p><p></p><p>Or “expecting.”</p><p>Or “people.”</p><p>Or “soul.”</p><p>Or “will let you escape with your life.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
