<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, October 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Thursday, October 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class="themeScrp"><em>By this all will know that you are my disciples​—if you have love among yourselves.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 13:35</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">Jesus said that his true disciples would be clearly identifiable if they showed the same sort of love that he displayed. That statement was true in the first century, and it is true today. How important it is that we overcome any challenges and show love for one another! Ask yourself: ‘What can I learn from brothers and sisters who have continued to show love for one another despite challenges?’ Human imperfection makes it difficult for us to show intense love for one another. Even so, we must try to imitate Christ. Jesus taught us the importance of making peace with a brother who has something against us. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 5:23, 24</a>) He emphasized that we need to maintain good relations with others if we are to please God. Jehovah is happy when we do our best to make peace with our brothers. He will not accept our worship if we hang on to resentment and refuse even to try to make peace.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 John 4:20</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.03 </em>24 ¶1-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 13:35)</strong></a> By this all will know that you are my disciples—if you have love among yourselves.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:23, 24)</strong></a> “If, then, you are bringing your gift to the altar and there you remember that your brother has something against you, <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>leave your gift there in front of the altar, and go away. First make your peace with your brother, and then come back and offer your gift.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 John 4:20)</strong></a> If anyone says, “I love God,” and yet is hating his brother, he is a liar. For the one who does not love his brother, whom he has seen, cannot love God, whom he has not seen.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
