<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, October 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021409"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Thursday, October 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah . . . takes note of the humble.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 138:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">When David defended his father’s sheep from a lion and from a bear, he recognized that it was Jehovah who was helping him overcome those powerful predators. When he defeated the giant warrior Goliath, David saw clearly that it was Jehovah who was guiding him. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Sam. 17:37</a>) And when he escaped from jealous King Saul, David acknowledged that it was Jehovah who had saved him. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted21.xhtml#citation3">Ps. 18</a>, superscription) A proud man might have taken credit for those accomplishments. But David was humble, so he was able to recognize Jehovah’s hand in his life. What is the lesson for us? We need to do more than just ask for Jehovah’s help. We must also try to recognize when and how he gives us help. If we humbly acknowledge our limitations, we will clearly see that Jehovah makes up for what we lack. And each time we see Jehovah help us, our relationship with him will grow stronger. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021409-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>20 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 138:6)</strong></a> Though Jehovah is high, he takes note of the humble, But the haughty he knows only from a distance.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 17:37)</strong></a> Then David added: “Jehovah, who rescued me from the claws of the lion and the bear, he is the one who will rescue me from the hand of this Phi·lisʹtine.” At this Saul said to David: “Go, and may Jehovah be with you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
