<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, November 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Saturday, November 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah is my helper; I will not be afraid.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 13:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">When our enemies ban our worship, they hope to make us afraid to serve Jehovah. In addition to the ban, they may circulate false stories, send officials to search our homes, drag us to court, or even imprison some of us. They hope that we will be terrified because they managed to put a small number of us in prison. If we were to allow them to instill fear in our heart, we might even begin to “ban” our own worship. We would not want to become like those described at <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Leviticus 26:36, 37</a>. We will not allow fear to cause us to reduce or to stop our spiritual activities. We trust completely in Jehovah and refuse to panic. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 28:16</a>) We prayerfully seek Jehovah’s guidance. We know that with his backing, not even the most powerful human government can prevent us from faithfully worshipping our God. Rather than intimidate us, opposition can motivate us to serve Jehovah more fully. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>9-10 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:6)</strong></a> So that we may be of good courage and say: “Jehovah* is my helper; I will not be afraid. What can man do to me?”</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Lev. 26:36, 37)</strong></a> “‘As for those who survive, I will fill their hearts with despair in the lands of their enemies; and the sound of a blowing leaf will cause them to flee, and they will flee like someone running from the sword and fall without anyone pursuing them. <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>They will stumble over one another like those running from a sword, though no one is pursuing them. You will not be able to resist your enemies.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 28:16)</strong></a> Therefore this is what the Sovereign Lord Jehovah says: “Here I am laying as a foundation in Zion a tested stone, The precious cornerstone of a sure foundation. No one exercising faith will panic.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
