<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, November 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71">Wednesday, November 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class="themeScrp"><em>With humility consider others superior to you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 2:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">On one occasion, Jehovah took away some of his holy spirit from Moses and gave it to a group of Israelite elders who were standing near the tent of meeting. Shortly thereafter, Moses heard that two elders who had not gone out to the tent of meeting had also received holy spirit and had begun to behave as prophets. How did he react when Joshua asked him to restrain the two elders? Moses did not become envious of the attention these two men were getting from Jehovah. Instead, he humbly rejoiced with them in their privilege. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Num. 11:24-29</a>) What lesson can we learn from Moses? If you are an elder, have you ever been asked to train someone else to care for a privilege in the congregation that you have and truly love? If you are humble like Moses, you will not feel threatened if you are asked to train another brother so that, in time, he will be able to handle this privilege. Instead, you will be happy to help your brother. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>15 ¶9;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation2"> 17 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:3)</strong></a> Do nothing out of contentiousness or out of egotism, but with humility* consider others superior to you,</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Num. 11:24-29)</strong></a> So Moses went out and spoke the words of Jehovah to the people. And he gathered 70 men from the elders of the people and had them stand around the tent. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>Then Jehovah came down in a cloud and spoke to him and took away some of the spirit that was on him and put it on each of the 70 elders. And as soon as the spirit settled down on them, they began to behave as prophets,* but they did not do it again. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>There were two of the men still in the camp. Their names were Elʹdad and Meʹdad. And the spirit began to settle down on them, as they were among those whose names had been written down, but they had not gone out to the tent. So they began to behave as prophets in the camp. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>And a young man ran and reported to Moses: “Elʹdad and Meʹdad are behaving as prophets in the camp!” <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>Then Joshua the son of Nun, the minister of Moses from his youth, responded and said: “My lord Moses, restrain them!” <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>But Moses said to him: “Are you jealous for me? No, I wish that all of Jehovah’s people were prophets and that Jehovah would put his spirit on them!”</p><p></p><p>Or “began to prophesy.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
