<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, November 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Tuesday, November 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp"><em>The heart is more treacherous than anything else.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jer. 17:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">Jacob loved all his sons, but he had special affection for 17-year-old Joseph. How did Joseph’s brothers react? They became envious of him, and that envy made them bitter. So they sold Joseph into slavery and lied to their father, saying that a wild animal had killed his favorite son. Envy caused them to disrupt the peace of the family and to break their father’s heart. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 37:3, 4,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 27-34</a>) Envy is listed among the death-dealing “works of the flesh” that can disqualify a person from inheriting God’s Kingdom. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gal. 5:19-21</a>) Envy is often the root cause of such poisonous fruits as hostility, strife, and fits of anger. The example of Joseph’s brothers shows how envy can damage relationships and disturb the peace that once existed in a family. Although we would never do what Joseph’s brothers did, we all have an imperfect and treacherous heart. Little wonder, then, that we may at times struggle with feelings of envy. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>14 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jer. 17:9)</strong></a> The heart is more treacherous* than anything else and is desperate.* Who can know it?</p><p></p><p>Or “deceitful.”</p><p>Or possibly, “incurable.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 37:3, 4)</strong></a> Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his other sons because he was the son of his old age, and he had a special robe* made for him. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>When his brothers saw that their father loved him more than all his brothers, they began to hate him, and they could not speak peaceably to him.</p><p></p><p>Or “a beautiful long garment.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 37:27-34)</strong></a> Come, now, let us sell him to the Ishʹma·el·ites, and do not let our hand be upon him. After all, he is our brother, our flesh.” So they listened to their brother. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>And when the Midʹi·an·ite merchants were passing by, they lifted Joseph up out of the waterpit and sold him to the Ishʹma·el·ites for 20 pieces of silver. These men took Joseph into Egypt. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>Later when Reuʹben returned to the waterpit and saw that Joseph was not in the waterpit, he ripped his garments apart. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>When he returned to his brothers, he exclaimed: “The child is gone! And I—what am I going to do?” <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>So they took Joseph’s robe and slaughtered a male goat and dipped the robe in the blood. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>After that they sent the special robe to their father and said: “This is what we found. Please examine whether this is your son’s robe or not.” <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>Then he examined it and exclaimed: “It is my son’s robe! A vicious wild animal must have devoured him! Joseph is surely torn to pieces!” <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>With that Jacob ripped his garments apart and put sackcloth around his waist and mourned his son for many days.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gal. 5:19-21)</strong></a> Now the works of the flesh are plainly seen, and they are sexual immorality,* uncleanness, brazen conduct,* <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>idolatry, spiritism,* hostility, strife, jealousy, fits of anger, dissensions, divisions, sects, <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>envy, drunkenness, wild parties,* and things like these. I am forewarning you about these things, the same way I already warned you, that those who practice such things will not inherit God’s Kingdom.</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>por·neiʹa. </em>See Glossary.</p><p>Or “shameless conduct.” Greek, <em>a·selʹgei·a. </em>See Glossary.</p><p>Or “sorcery; druggery.”</p><p>Or “revelries.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
