<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, November 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Friday, November 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class="themeScrp"><em>We are going to destroy this place.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 19:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">Jehovah compassionately sent angels to rescue Lot and his family. However, Lot “kept lingering.” The angels had to seize hold of his hand and help him and his family flee the city. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 19:15, 16</a>) The angels then told him to run to the mountainous region. But instead of obeying Jehovah, Lot asked to go to a nearby town. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 19:17-20</a>) Jehovah patiently listened and allowed Lot to go to that town. Lot later became afraid of living there and moved to the mountainous region, the very area Jehovah had told him to go to in the first place. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gen. 19:30</a>) What remarkable patience Jehovah showed! Like Lot, a member of our spiritual family may make poor decisions and cause serious problems for himself. If that were to happen, how would we respond? We might be tempted to point out that he is reaping what he has sown, which would be true. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Gal. 6:7</a>) However, we can do better. We can imitate the way that Jehovah helped Lot. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>20-21 ¶3-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 19:13)</strong></a> For we are going to destroy this place, because the outcry against them has indeed grown great* before Jehovah, so that Jehovah sent us to destroy the city.”</p><p></p><p>Or “loud.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 19:15, 16)</strong></a> As dawn was breaking, the angels became urgent with Lot, saying: “Get up! Take your wife and your two daughters who are here with you, so that you will not be swept away in the error of the city!” <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>When he kept lingering, then because of Jehovah’s compassion for him, the men seized hold of his hand and the hand of his wife and the hands of his two daughters, and they brought him out and stationed him outside the city.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 19:17-20)</strong></a> As soon as they had brought them to the outskirts, he said: “Escape for your life!* Do not look behind you and do not stand still in any part of the district! Escape to the mountainous region so that you may not be swept away!” <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>Then Lot said to them: “Not there, please, Jehovah! <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Please, now, your servant has found favor in your eyes and you are showing great kindness* to me by preserving me* alive, but I am not able to flee to the mountainous region because I am afraid that disaster may overtake me and I will die. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>Please, now, this town is nearby and I can flee there; it is only a small place. May I, please, escape there? It is only a small place. Then I will survive.”*</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.”</p><p>Or “loyal love.”</p><p>Or “my soul.”</p><p>Or “my soul will live on.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gen. 19:30)</strong></a> Later Lot went up from Zoʹar with his two daughters and began living in the mountainous region, because he was afraid to live in Zoʹar. So he began living in a cave with his two daughters.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:7)</strong></a> Do not be misled: God is not one to be mocked. For whatever a person is sowing, this he will also reap;</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
