<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, November 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Thursday, November 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah is a God who requires exclusive devotion.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Nah. 1:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">Jehovah deserves our exclusive devotion because he is our Creator and Life-Giver. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rev. 4:11</a>) However, we face a challenge. Even though we love and respect Jehovah, we might be lured away from giving him the exclusive devotion he deserves. In the Bible, being devoted to God implies having a deep love for him. When we are exclusively devoted to Jehovah, we will worship only him. We will not allow anyone or anything to take his place in our heart. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ex. 34:14</a>) Our devotion to Jehovah is not blind. Why not? Because it is based on the facts we have learned about him. We have come to admire his beautiful qualities. We know and agree with his likes and dislikes. We understand and support his purpose for us. We feel honored that he allows us the opportunity to be his friend. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 25:14</a>) Every detail we learn about our Creator draws us closer to him.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Jas. 4:8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>26 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Nah. 1:2)</strong></a> Jehovah is a God who requires exclusive devotion and takes vengeance; Jehovah takes vengeance and is ready to express his wrath. Jehovah takes vengeance against his foes, And he stores up wrath for his enemies.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 4:11)</strong></a> “You are worthy, Jehovah* our God, to receive the glory and the honor and the power, because you created all things, and because of your will they came into existence and were created.”</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ex. 34:14)</strong></a> You must not bow down to another god, for Jehovah is known for* requiring exclusive devotion.* Yes, he is a God who requires exclusive devotion.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “Jehovah, his name is.”</p><p>Or “not tolerating rivals.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 25:14)</strong></a> Close friendship with Jehovah belongs to those who fear him, And he makes his covenant known to them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Jas. 4:8)</strong></a> Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners, and purify your hearts, you indecisive ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
