<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, November 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Sunday, November 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>The seventh day is a sabbath of complete rest. It is something holy to Jehovah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ex. 31:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">God’s Word states that after six “days” of creating, God paused from his works as regards the earth. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 2:2</a>) Yet, Jehovah loves to work, and in other respects he “has kept working.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 5:17</a>) The provision for the weekly Sabbath follows a pattern similar to that of Jehovah’s day of rest described in Genesis. God said that the Sabbath was a sign between him and Israel. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ex. 31:12-14</a>) The prohibition against work applied to everyone, including children, slaves, and even domestic animals. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ex. 20:10</a>) It allowed the people to give more attention to spiritual matters. Many religious leaders in Jesus’ time took an extreme, rigid view of the Sabbath day. They claimed that it was unlawful on the Sabbath even to pluck some heads of grain or to heal a person who was ill. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Mark 2:23-27;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 3:2-5</a>) Such views did not reflect God’s thinking, and Jesus made that clear to those who would listen. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>3-4 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ex. 31:15)</strong></a> Six days work may be done, but on the seventh day is a sabbath of complete rest. It is something holy to Jehovah. Anyone doing work on the Sabbath day must be put to death.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 2:2)</strong></a> And by the seventh day, God had completed the work that he had been doing,* and he began to rest on the seventh day from all his work that he had been doing.*</p><p></p><p>Or “making.”</p><p>Or “making.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 5:17)</strong></a> But he answered them: “My Father has kept working until now, and I keep working.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ex. 31:12-14)</strong></a> Jehovah said further to Moses: <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>“Speak to the Israelites and tell them, ‘Especially, you are to keep my sabbaths, for it is a sign between me and you during your generations in order that you may know that I, Jehovah, am sanctifying you. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>You must keep the Sabbath, for it is something holy to you. Whoever profanes it must be put to death. If anyone does any work on it, then that person* must be cut off* from among his people.</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.”</p><p>Or “put to death.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ex. 20:10)</strong></a> but the seventh day is a sabbath to Jehovah your God. You must not do any work, neither you nor your son nor your daughter nor your slave man nor your slave girl nor your domestic animal nor your foreign resident who is inside your settlements.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “gates.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Mark 2:23-27)</strong></a> Now as he was passing through the grainfields on the Sabbath, his disciples started to pluck the heads of grain as they went. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>So the Pharisees said to him: “Look here! Why are they doing what is not lawful on the Sabbath?” <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>But he said to them: “Have you never read what David did when he was in need and he and the men with him were hungry? <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>How, in the account about A·biʹa·thar the chief priest, he entered into the house of God and ate the loaves of presentation, which it is not lawful for anybody to eat except the priests, and he also gave some to the men who were with him?” <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>Then he said to them: “The Sabbath came into existence for the sake of man, and not man for the sake of the Sabbath.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Mark 3:2-5)</strong></a> So they were watching him closely to see whether he would cure the man on the Sabbath, in order to accuse him. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>He said to the man with the withered* hand: “Get up and come to the center.” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Next he said to them: “Is it lawful on the Sabbath to do good or to do harm, to save a life or to kill?” But they kept silent. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>After looking around at them with indignation, being thoroughly grieved at the insensibility of their hearts, he said to the man: “Stretch out your hand.” And he stretched it out, and his hand was restored.</p><p></p><p>Or “paralyzed.” Lit., “dried-up.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
