<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, November 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Thursday, November 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="themeScrp"><em>Anxiety in a man’s heart weighs it down, but a good word cheers it up.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 12:25</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">Illness can take an emotional toll on us. We may feel embarrassed when people notice our limitations or when we must rely on others for help. Even when others are not aware of our illness, we may fight feelings of shame because of how limited we have become. At such distressing times, Jehovah lifts us up. How? In the Bible, Jehovah has stored up good words that remind us that we matter to him despite our sickness. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 31:19;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 41:3</a>) Through those inspired words, Jehovah will help us to deal with the negative emotions that our illness brings. Be assured that Jehovah knows what you are going through. Beg him for help so that you can develop a wholesome view of your situation. Then use the Bible to retrieve the good words Jehovah has stored up for you. Focus on passages that show how much Jehovah values his servants. As you do, you will see that Jehovah is good to all those who serve him faithfully.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 84:11</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>15-16 ¶9-10;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation2"> 17 ¶12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 12:25)</strong></a> Anxiety in a man’s heart weighs it down,* But a good word cheers it up.</p><p></p><p>Or “depresses him.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 31:19)</strong></a> How abundant your goodness is! You have stored it up for those who fear you, And you have shown it before all men, in behalf of those taking refuge in you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 41:3)</strong></a> Jehovah will sustain him on his sickbed; During his sickness you will completely change his bed.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 84:11)</strong></a> For Jehovah God is a sun and a shield; He gives favor and glory. Jehovah will not hold back anything good From those walking in integrity.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
