<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, November 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Monday, November 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="themeScrp"><em>I confessed my sin to you; I did not cover my error. . . . And you pardoned the error of my sins.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 32:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">We show that we appreciate Jehovah’s forgiveness when we pray for it, accept discipline, and work hard to avoid repeating our mistakes. When we take these steps, we will regain our inner peace. How encouraging it is to know that “Jehovah is close to the brokenhearted; he saves those who are crushed in spirit”! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 34:18</a>) As these last days come to a close, the causes of anxiety are likely to increase. When you have anxious thoughts, do not delay in seeking Jehovah’s help. Study the Bible diligently. Learn from the examples set by Hannah, the apostle Paul, and King David. Ask your heavenly Father to help you identify the cause of your anxiety. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 139:23</a>) Let him carry your burdens, especially those over which you have little or no control. If you do, you can be like the psalmist who sang to Jehovah: “When anxieties overwhelmed me, you comforted and soothed me.”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 94:19</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>24 ¶17;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation2"> 25 ¶20-21</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 32:5)</strong></a> Finally I confessed my sin to you; I did not cover my error. I said: “I will confess my transgressions to Jehovah.” And you pardoned the error of my sins. (<em>Selah</em>)</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 34:18)</strong></a> Jehovah is close to the brokenhearted; He saves those who are crushed in spirit.*</p><p></p><p>Or “are discouraged.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 139:23)</strong></a> Search through me, O God, and know my heart. Examine me, and know my anxious* thoughts.</p><p></p><p>Or “disquieting.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 94:19)</strong></a> When anxieties* overwhelmed me,* You comforted and soothed me.*</p><p></p><p>Or “disquieting thoughts.”</p><p>Or “became many inside of me.”</p><p>Or “Your consolations soothed my soul.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
