<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, November 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Monday, November 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class="themeScrp"><em>Become imitators of God, as beloved children.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 5:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">The more we learn about the qualities that make up Jehovah’s personality, the better we will be able to imitate him. David came to know his heavenly Father well, so he was able to imitate Him when dealing with others. Because David had such a good relationship with Jehovah, he became one of Israel’s most beloved kings and the standard by which Jehovah measured other kings of Israel. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Ki. 15:11;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 2 Ki. 14:1-3</a>) What is the lesson for us? We need to be “imitators of God.” When we model our personality after his, we prove that we are his children. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Eph. 4:24</a>) We will never stop learning about Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Eccl. 3:11</a>) The important thing is, not how much we know about him, but what we do with what we know. If we apply what we learn and try to imitate our loving Father, he will continue to draw close to us. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Jas. 4:8</a>) Through his Word, he assures us that he will never abandon those seeking him. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>20 ¶20;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation2"> 21 ¶21,</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation3"> 23</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:1)</strong></a> Therefore, become imitators of God, as beloved children,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 15:11)</strong></a> Aʹsa did what was right in the eyes of Jehovah, like David his forefather.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Ki. 14:1-3)</strong></a> In the second year of Je·hoʹash the son of Je·hoʹa·haz the king of Israel, Am·a·ziʹah the son of King Je·hoʹash of Judah became king. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>He was 25 years old when he became king, and he reigned for 29 years in Jerusalem. His mother’s name was Je·ho·adʹdin of Jerusalem. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>He continued to do what was right in Jehovah’s eyes, but not like David his forefather. He did everything as Je·hoʹash his father had done.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:24)</strong></a> and should put on the new personality that was created according to God’s will in true righteousness and loyalty.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Eccl. 3:11)</strong></a> He has made everything beautiful* in its time. He has even put eternity in their heart; yet mankind will never find out the work that the true God has made from start to finish.</p><p></p><p>Or “well-arranged; proper; appropriate.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Jas. 4:8)</strong></a> Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners, and purify your hearts, you indecisive ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
