<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, November 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Saturday, November 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>He is to be put to death.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Esther 4:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">Imagine that you are living some 2,500 years ago in Persia and want to speak to the king. You would not even think of approaching the monarch without first receiving his permission. To do otherwise could very well cost you your life! How thankful we are that Jehovah is not like that Persian king! He welcomes us at any time. He wants us to feel free to approach him. For example, although Jehovah bears such lofty titles as Grand Creator, Almighty, and Sovereign Lord, we are invited to call on him using the familiar term “Father.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 6:9</a>) How touching that Jehovah wants us to view him in such a warm and intimate way! We can rightly call Jehovah “Father”​—he is the Source of our life. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 36:9</a>) Because he is our Father, we have a responsibility to obey him. When we do what he asks of us, we will enjoy marvelous blessings. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Heb. 12:9</a>) Those blessings include everlasting life, whether in heaven or on earth. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>2 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Esther 4:11)</strong></a> “All the king’s servants and the people of the king’s provinces* are aware that if any man or woman goes into the king’s inner courtyard without being summoned, there is only one law that applies: He is to be put to death; he may live only if the king holds out to him the golden scepter. And I have not been summoned to the king now for 30 days.”</p><p></p><p>Or “jurisdictional districts.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:9)</strong></a> “You must pray, then, this way: “‘Our Father in the heavens, let your name be sanctified.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 36:9)</strong></a> With you is the source of life; By your light we can see light.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 12:9)</strong></a> Furthermore, our human fathers* used to discipline us, and we gave them respect. Should we not more readily submit ourselves to the Father of our spiritual life and live?</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the fathers of our flesh.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
