<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, November 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021410"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Monday, November 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class="themeScrp"><em>Sudden destruction is to be instantly on them, . . . and they will by no means escape.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Thess. 5:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">Imagine that the nations have just made their long-awaited proclamation of “peace and security.” They may boast that the world has never been so safe. The nations will want us to think that they have the world situation under control. But they have absolutely no control over what will follow. “Babylon the Great” will be destroyed! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rev. 17:5,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 15-18</a>) “God [will] put it into their hearts to carry out his thought.” What is that thought? To destroy the world empire of false religion, including Christendom. God will put his thought into the hearts of “the ten horns” of the “scarlet-colored wild beast.” The ten horns represent all the political powers that support “the wild beast”​—the United Nations. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rev. 17:3,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 11-13;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 18:8</a>) When those political powers turn on false religion, that will mark the beginning of the great tribulation. It will be a truly catastrophic world event. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>14 ¶1,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021410-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation2"> 3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:3)</strong></a> Whenever it is that they are saying, “Peace and security!” then sudden destruction is to be instantly on them, just like birth pains on a pregnant woman, and they will by no means escape.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 17:5)</strong></a> On her forehead was written a name, a mystery: “Babylon the Great, the mother of the prostitutes and of the disgusting things of the earth.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 17:15-18)</strong></a> He said to me: “The waters that you saw, where the prostitute is sitting, mean peoples and crowds and nations and tongues.* <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>And the ten horns that you saw and the wild beast, these will hate the prostitute and will make her devastated and naked, and they will eat up her flesh and completely burn her with fire. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>For God put it into their hearts to carry out his thought, yes, to carry out their one thought by giving their kingdom to the wild beast, until the words of God will have been accomplished. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>And the woman whom you saw means the great city that has a kingdom over the kings of the earth.”</p><p></p><p>Or “languages.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rev. 17:3)</strong></a> And he carried me away in the power of the spirit into a wilderness. And I saw a woman sitting on a scarlet-colored wild beast that was full of blasphemous names and that had seven heads and ten horns.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rev. 17:11-13)</strong></a> And the wild beast that was but is not, it is also an eighth king, but it springs from the seven, and it goes off into destruction. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>“The ten horns that you saw mean ten kings who have not yet received a kingdom, but they do receive authority as kings for one hour with the wild beast. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>These have one thought, so they give their power and authority to the wild beast.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rev. 18:8)</strong></a> That is why in one day her plagues will come, death and mourning and famine, and she will be completely burned with fire, because Jehovah* God, who judged her, is strong.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
