<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, December 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38">Monday, December 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class="themeScrp"><em>Pay constant attention to yourself and to your teaching. . . . By doing this you will save both yourself and those who listen to you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Tim. 4:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">When we conform our life to God’s standards, our relatives may find it difficult to adjust to our new beliefs and lifestyle. Often, the first thing they notice is that we no longer join with them in celebrating religious festivals and no longer engage in political activities. Some relatives might initially be angry with us. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 10:35, 36</a>) But we should not give up on them. If we stop trying to help them understand our beliefs, we have, in effect, judged them as being unworthy of gaining everlasting life. Jehovah has not given us the job of judging​—he has assigned that task to Jesus. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 5:22</a>) If we are patient, our relatives may eventually be willing to listen to our message. We need to be firm but tactful, even if we must endure trials. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 4:12b</a>) It may take time before our relatives fully understand just how serious we are about serving Jehovah. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>17 ¶10,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation2"> 13;</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation3"> 18 ¶14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 4:16)</strong></a> Pay constant attention to yourself and to your teaching. Persevere in these things, for by doing this you will save both yourself and those who listen to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 10:35, 36)</strong></a> For I came to cause division, with a man against his father, and a daughter against her mother, and a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law. <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>Indeed, a man’s enemies will be those of his own household.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 5:22)</strong></a> For the Father judges no one at all, but he has entrusted all the judging to the Son,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 4:12)</strong></a> and to toil, working with our own hands. When insulted, we bless; when persecuted, we patiently endure;</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
