<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, December 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Sunday, December 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class="themeScrp"><em>Make sure of the more important things.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 1:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">It takes a great deal of effort to earn a living these days. Many of our brothers work long hours just to provide the necessities of life for their families. Countless others spend several hours each workday traveling to and from their place of employment. Many support themselves by doing hard physical labor. By the end of the day, these hardworking brothers and sisters are exhausted! The last thing many are inclined to do is study. The fact is, though, that we must find time to study​—really study—​God’s Word and our Christian publications. Our relationship with Jehovah and our everlasting life depend on it! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Tim. 4:15</a>) Some rise early every day and study when their home is quiet and their mind is fresh after a night’s rest. Others set aside a few tranquil minutes at the end of the day to take in spiritual food and meditate on it. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>26 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 1:10)</strong></a> that you may make sure of the more important things, so that you may be flawless and not stumbling others up to the day of Christ;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 4:15)</strong></a> Ponder over* these things; be absorbed in them, so that your advancement may be plainly seen by all people.</p><p></p><p>Or “Meditate on.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
