<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, December 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Tuesday, December 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>For all things I have the strength through the one who gives me power.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 4:13</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">“When I think about the trial I have gone through, I know that I could not have faced it on my own.” Have you ever said something like that? Many of us have. Perhaps you said it after reflecting on how you were able to cope with a serious illness or the death of a loved one. Looking back, you feel that you were able to go on from day to day only because Jehovah’s holy spirit provided you with “power beyond what is normal.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 4:7-9</a>) We also rely on holy spirit to deal with the influence of this wicked world. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 John 5:19</a>) In addition, we have to struggle against “wicked spirit forces.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Eph. 6:12</a>) Jehovah’s holy spirit helps us by giving us the power, or strength, to fulfill our responsibilities despite trials. The apostle Paul felt that he was able to keep working and to accomplish his ministry despite his trials because he relied on “the power of the Christ.”​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Cor. 12:9</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>8 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:13)</strong></a> For all things I have the strength through the one who gives me power.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 4:7-9)</strong></a> However, we have this treasure in earthen vessels, so that the power beyond what is normal may be God’s and not from us. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>We are hard-pressed in every way, but not cramped beyond movement; we are perplexed, but not absolutely with no way out;* <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>we are persecuted, but not abandoned; we are knocked down, but not destroyed.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “but not left in despair.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 John 5:19)</strong></a> We know that we originate with God, but the whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:12)</strong></a> because we have a struggle,* not against blood and flesh, but against the governments, against the authorities, against the world rulers of this darkness, against the wicked spirit forces in the heavenly places.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “wrestling.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 12:9)</strong></a> But he said to me: “My undeserved kindness is sufficient for you, for my power is being made perfect in weakness.” Most gladly, then, I will boast about my weaknesses, in order that the power of the Christ may remain over me like a tent.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
