<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, December 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Thursday, December 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah will appear to you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Lev. 9:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">In 1512 B.C.E., when the tabernacle was set up at the foot of Mount Sinai, Moses presided over a ceremony to install Aaron and his sons as priests. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ex. 40:17;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Lev. 9:1-5</a>) How did Jehovah show his approval of the newly installed priesthood? As Aaron and Moses blessed the people, Jehovah caused fire to consume the remainder of the sacrifice on the altar. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Lev. 9:23, 24</a>) What was accomplished by the awesome display at the installation of the high priest? Jehovah thereby showed his full support of the Aaronic priesthood. When the Israelites saw this clear evidence of Jehovah’s backing of the priests, they had good reason to give them full support. Is that relevant to us? Yes! The priesthood in Israel was just a shadow of a much greater priesthood​—the 144,000, who will serve alongside Christ in heaven. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Heb. 4:14;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 8:3-5;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 10:1</a>) Without a doubt, Jehovah is guiding and generously blessing his organization today. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>23 ¶13;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation2"> 24 ¶14,</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation3"> 16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Lev. 9:4)</strong></a> and a bull and a ram for communion sacrifices, to sacrifice them before Jehovah, and a grain offering mixed with oil, for today Jehovah will appear to you.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ex. 40:17)</strong></a> In the first month, in the second year, on the first day of the month, the tabernacle was set up.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Lev. 9:1-5)</strong></a> On the eighth day, Moses called Aaron and his sons and the elders of Israel. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>He said to Aaron: “Take for yourself a young calf for a sin offering and a ram for a burnt offering, sound ones, and present them before Jehovah. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>But you will say to the Israelites, ‘Take a male goat for a sin offering and a calf and a young ram, each a year old, sound ones, for a burnt offering, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>and a bull and a ram for communion sacrifices, to sacrifice them before Jehovah, and a grain offering mixed with oil, for today Jehovah will appear to you.’” <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>So they took what Moses had commanded before the tent of meeting. Then the whole assembly came forward and stood before Jehovah.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Lev. 9:23, 24)</strong></a> Finally Moses and Aaron went into the tent of meeting and came out and blessed the people. Jehovah’s glory now appeared to all the people, <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>and fire came out from Jehovah and began consuming the burnt offering and the pieces of fat on the altar. When all the people saw it, they started shouting and they fell with their faces to the ground.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Heb. 4:14)</strong></a> Therefore, since we have a great high priest who has passed through the heavens, Jesus the Son of God, let us hold on to our public declaration of him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Heb. 8:3-5)</strong></a> For every high priest is appointed to offer both gifts and sacrifices; so it was necessary for this one also to have something to offer. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>If he were on earth, he would not be a priest, since there are already men who offer the gifts according to the Law. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>These men are offering sacred service in a typical representation and a shadow of the heavenly things; just as Moses, when about to construct the tent, was given the divine command: For He says: “See that you make all things after their pattern that was shown to you in the mountain.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:1)</strong></a> For since the Law has a shadow of the good things to come, but not the very substance of the things, it* can never, by the same sacrifices that are continually offered year after year, make those who approach perfect.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “men.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
