<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, December 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Tuesday, December 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class="themeScrp">[<em>Make</em>] <em>the best use of your time.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 5:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">When making decisions, you must choose a time to implement your decision and stick to it. Avoid waiting for the perfect time to act; the perfect time is not likely to come. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eccl. 11:4</a>) Be careful not to allow less important things to consume your time and rob you of the energy you need for the more important things. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Phil. 1:10</a>) If possible, set aside time during which you have few interruptions. Let others know that you need time to concentrate. Consider turning off your phone and checking your e-mail or social media at a later time. The result, or outcome, of your decision is like the destination of a journey. If you really want to reach that destination, you will keep going even if a road is closed and you thus must change your route. In the same way, if we focus on the outcome of our decisions, we will not give up easily when we encounter setbacks or detours.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gal. 6:9</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>30 ¶17-18</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:16)</strong></a> making the best use of your time,* because the days are wicked.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “buying out the appointed time.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eccl. 11:4)</strong></a> The one who watches the wind will not sow seed, and the one who looks at the clouds will not reap.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Phil. 1:10)</strong></a> that you may make sure of the more important things, so that you may be flawless and not stumbling others up to the day of Christ;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:9)</strong></a> So let us not give up in doing what is fine, for in due time we will reap if we do not tire out.*</p><p></p><p>Or “give up.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
