<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, December 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Sunday, December 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class="themeScrp"><em>Exert yourselves vigorously.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 13:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">Consider how the apostle Paul was exerting himself when he wrote to the Philippians. He was under house arrest in Rome. His freedom to preach was severely limited. Yet, he kept busy by witnessing to visitors and writing letters to distant congregations. Paul knew that, like Christ, he must exert himself to the very end. He thus compared the Christian course to a race. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 9:24-27</a>) A runner in a race stays focused on the finish line and avoids distractions. For example, runners in an urban race today may follow a course that is lined with businesses and other potential diversions. Can you imagine that a runner would stop to examine the goods displayed in the store windows? Not if he wants to win! In the race for life, we too must avoid distractions. If we stay focused on our goal, exerting ourselves vigorously as Paul did, we will win the prize! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>3 ¶4;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation2"> 4 ¶7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 13:24)</strong></a> “Exert yourselves vigorously to get in through the narrow door, because many, I tell you, will seek to get in but will not be able.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 9:24-27)</strong></a> Do you not know that the runners in a race all run, but only one receives the prize? Run in such a way that you may win it. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>Now everyone competing in a contest exercises self-control in all things. Of course, they do it to receive a crown that can perish, but we, one that does not perish. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>Therefore, the way I am running is not aimlessly; the way I am aiming my blows is so as not to be striking the air; <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>but I pummel my body and lead it as a slave, so that after I have preached to others, I myself should not become disapproved* somehow.</p><p></p><p>Or “disqualified.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
