<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, December 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Tuesday, December 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class="themeScrp"><em>Create in me a pure heart, O God, and put within me a new spirit, a steadfast one.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 51:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">We can fight envy by cultivating humility and contentment. When our heart is full of these good qualities, envy will have no room to grow. Humility will help us not to think too highly of ourselves. A humble person does not feel that he deserves more than everyone else. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gal. 6:3, 4</a>) Someone who is content is satisfied with what he has and does not compare himself with others. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Tim. 6:7, 8</a>) When a person who is humble and content sees someone receive something good, he is happy for him. We need the help of God’s holy spirit if we are to avoid the fleshly trait of envy and instead cultivate humility and contentment. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Gal. 5:16;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Phil. 2:3, 4</a>) Jehovah’s holy spirit can help us to examine our innermost thoughts and motives. With God’s help, we can replace harmful thoughts and feelings with upbuilding ones.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Ps. 26:2</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>15 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 51:10)</strong></a> Create in me a pure heart, O God, And put within me a new spirit, a steadfast one.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:3, 4)</strong></a> For if anyone thinks he is something when he is nothing, he is deceiving himself. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>But let each one examine his own actions, and then he will have cause for rejoicing in regard to himself alone, and not in comparison with the other person.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 6:7, 8)</strong></a> For we have brought nothing into the world, and neither can we carry anything out. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>So, having food* and clothing,* we will be content with these things.</p><p></p><p>Or “sustenance.”</p><p>Or “shelter.” Lit., “covering.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Gal. 5:16)</strong></a> But I say, Keep walking by spirit and you will carry out no fleshly desire at all.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:3, 4)</strong></a> Do nothing out of contentiousness or out of egotism, but with humility* consider others superior to you, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>as you look out not only for your own interests, but also for the interests of others.</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ps. 26:2)</strong></a> Examine me, O Jehovah, and put me to the test; Refine my innermost thoughts* and my heart.</p><p></p><p>Or “my deepest emotions.” Lit., “my kidneys.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
