<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, December 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23">Wednesday, December 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class="themeScrp"><em>The word of God . . . is able to discern thoughts and intentions of the heart.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 4:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">What should be the basis for your decision to get baptized? As a result of your careful study of the Bible, you have learned much about Jehovah​—his personality and his ways. What you have learned about him has warmed your heart and moved you to love him very much. Your love for Jehovah must be the primary basis for your decision to get baptized. Your decision to get baptized is also based on the Bible truths you have accepted. Consider what Jesus said when he gave the commission to make disciples. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 28:19, 20</a>) According to Jesus, those who get baptized must do so “in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit.” What did this mean? You must believe with all your heart the Bible truths about Jehovah; his Son, Jesus; and the holy spirit. These truths are very powerful and can deeply touch your heart. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.03 </em>9 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 4:12)</strong></a> For the word of God is alive and exerts power and is sharper than any two-edged sword and pierces even to the dividing of soul* and spirit,* and of joints from the marrow, and is able to discern thoughts and intentions of the heart.</p><p></p><p>See Glossary.</p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19, 20)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit, <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you. And look! I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
