<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, December 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Saturday, December 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class="themeScrp"><em>Advise the younger women . . . to love their children.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Titus 2:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">Mothers, you may have been raised by parents who easily lost their temper and spoke harshly to their children. So you may have grown up thinking that this was a normal way to raise a family. Even after learning Jehovah’s standards, you might find it a challenge to remain calm and patient with your children, especially if they misbehave when you are tired. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 4:31</a>) At such times, you need more than ever to rely on Jehovah in prayer. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 37:5</a>) Some mothers find it difficult to express their love for their children. They may have been raised in a household where their parents did not have a warm relationship with their children. If that is how you were raised, you do not have to repeat your parents’ mistakes. A mother who submits to Jehovah’s will may have to learn how to express love for her children. It may be difficult for her to make the change. But it can be done, and it will benefit both her and her family. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>18-19 ¶19-20</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Titus 2:4)</strong></a> so that they may advise* the younger women to love their husbands, to love their children,</p><p></p><p>Or “recall to their senses; train.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:31)</strong></a> Put away from yourselves every kind of malicious bitterness, anger, wrath, screaming, and abusive speech, as well as everything injurious.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 37:5)</strong></a> Commit your way to* Jehovah; Rely on him, and he will act in your behalf.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “Roll your way upon.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
