<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, December 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Saturday, December 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class="themeScrp"><em>This means everlasting life, their coming to know you, the only true God, and the one whom you sent, Jesus Christ.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 17:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">Jesus told us to “go . . . make disciples of people of all the nations.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 28:19</a>) And in addition to teaching a student what Jesus requires of his disciples, we need to help the student come to know how to live as a true Christian. We must patiently assist him as he struggles to put Bible principles into practice. Some are able to change their thinking and habits in just a few months; others take longer. A missionary in Peru had an experience that illustrates the benefit of being patient. “I had studied two books with a Bible student named Raúl,” says the missionary. “But he still faced serious challenges in his life. He had a stormy marriage, used foul language, and had children who found it difficult to respect him. He came to the meetings regularly, so I continued visiting him to help him and his family. More than three years after I met him, he qualified for baptism.” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>15 ¶3;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation2"> 19 ¶15-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 17:3)</strong></a> This means everlasting life, their coming to know you, the only true God, and the one whom you sent, Jesus Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:19)</strong></a> Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
