<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, December 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Wednesday, December 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class="themeScrp"><em>Whoever has seen me has seen the Father also.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 14:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">The Bible is the only accurate record that explains what Jesus has done for you. Learn to love Jesus, and your love for Jehovah will grow. Why? Because Jesus reflects his Father’s qualities perfectly. So the more you learn about Jesus, the better you will understand and appreciate Jehovah. Think of the compassion Jesus showed for those who were looked down on by others​—the poor, the sick, and the vulnerable. Think, too, of the practical advice he gives you and how your life improves when you listen to him. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted15.xhtml#citation2">Matt. 5:1-11;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 7:24-27</a>) Your affection for Jesus is likely to become stronger as you think deeply about the sacrifice he made so that our sins can be forgiven. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 20:28</a>) When you understand that Jesus was willing to die for you, you may feel moved to repent and seek Jehovah’s forgiveness. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Acts 3:19, 20;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 1 John 1:9</a>) And as you come to love Jesus and Jehovah, you will naturally be drawn to others who feel the same way. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.03 </em>5-6 ¶10-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 14:9)</strong></a> Jesus said to him: “Even after I have been with you men for such a long time, Philip, have you not come to know me? Whoever has seen me has seen the Father also. How is it you say, ‘Show us the Father’?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 7:24-27)</strong></a> “Therefore, everyone who hears these sayings of mine and does them will be like a discreet man who built his house on the rock. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>And the rain poured down and the floods came and the winds blew and lashed against that house, but it did not cave in, for it had been founded on the rock. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>Furthermore, everyone hearing these sayings of mine and not doing them will be like a foolish man who built his house on the sand. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>And the rain poured down and the floods came and the winds blew and struck against that house, and it caved in, and its collapse was great.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 20:28)</strong></a> Just as the Son of man came, not to be ministered to, but to minister and to give his life as a ransom in exchange for many.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 3:19, 20)</strong></a> “Repent, therefore, and turn around so as to get your sins blotted out, so that seasons of refreshing may come from Jehovah himself <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>and he may send the Christ appointed for you, Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 John 1:9)</strong></a> If we confess our sins, he is faithful and righteous so as to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
