<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, December 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Friday, December 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah protects the faithful.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 31:23</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">We do not know what reasons the nations might give to justify their attack on Babylon the Great. They might say that the world’s religions are an obstacle to peace and that they constantly meddle in politics. Or they might say that those religious organizations have accumulated too much wealth and property. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rev. 18:3,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 7</a>) It seems reasonable that this attack will not mean that all the members of those religions will be destroyed. Rather, it seems that the nations will get rid of the religious organizations. Once those organizations are gone, the former members will realize that their religious leaders failed them and will likely try to distance themselves from those religions. The destruction of Babylon the Great will take place within a relatively brief time. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rev. 18:10,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 21</a>) Jehovah has promised that he will “cut short the days” of the tribulation so that his “chosen ones” and true religion will survive.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Mark 13:19, 20</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>15 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 31:23)</strong></a> Love Jehovah, all you who are loyal to him! Jehovah protects the faithful, But he repays exceedingly anyone showing haughtiness.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 18:3)</strong></a> For because of the wine of the passion* of her sexual immorality,* all the nations have fallen victim, and the kings of the earth committed sexual immorality with her, and the merchants* of the earth became rich owing to the power of her shameless luxury.”</p><p></p><p>Or “anger.”</p><p>Greek, <em>por·neiʹa. </em>See Glossary.</p><p>Or “traveling merchants.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 18:7)</strong></a> To the extent that she glorified herself and lived in shameless luxury, to that extent give her torment and mourning. For she keeps saying in her heart: ‘I sit as queen, and I am not a widow, and I will never see mourning.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rev. 18:10)</strong></a> They will stand at a distance because of their fear of her torment and say: ‘Too bad, too bad, you great city, Babylon you strong city, because in one hour your judgment has arrived!’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rev. 18:21)</strong></a> And a strong angel lifted up a stone like a great millstone and hurled it into the sea, saying: “Thus with a swift pitch will Babylon the great city be hurled down, and she will never be found again.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Mark 13:19, 20)</strong></a> for those days will be days of a tribulation such as has not occurred from the beginning of the creation that God created until that time,* and will not occur again. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>In fact, unless Jehovah had cut short the days, no flesh would be saved. But on account of the chosen ones whom he has chosen, he has cut short the days.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “until the present time; until now.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
