<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, December 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Monday, December 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>Stop being molded by this system of things, but be transformed by making your mind over.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 12:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">These changes do not take place overnight; nor do they occur automatically. We may need to exert “earnest effort” over a period of years. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Pet. 1:5</a>) We must do our utmost to change our inner self. Prayer is the important first step. We need to pray as did the psalmist: “Create in me a pure heart, O God, and put within me a new spirit, a steadfast one.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 51:10</a>) We must acknowledge the need to change our dominant mental attitude and ask Jehovah for help. Meditation is the second vital step. As we peer into God’s Word each day, we need to take the time to meditate, or to think deeply, on what thoughts and feelings we need to change. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 119:59;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Heb. 4:12;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Jas. 1:25</a>) We must identify any tendencies we may have to be attracted to human philosophies. We need to admit honestly what our weaknesses are and then work hard to get rid of those weaknesses. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>8 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation2"> 10 ¶10;</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation3"> 12 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:2)</strong></a> And stop being molded by this system of things, but be transformed by making your mind over, so that you may prove to yourselves the good and acceptable and perfect will of God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 1:5)</strong></a> For this very reason, put forth all earnest effort to supply to your faith virtue, to your virtue knowledge,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 51:10)</strong></a> Create in me a pure heart, O God, And put within me a new spirit, a steadfast one.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:59)</strong></a> I have examined my ways, In order to turn my feet back to your reminders.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Heb. 4:12)</strong></a> For the word of God is alive and exerts power and is sharper than any two-edged sword and pierces even to the dividing of soul* and spirit,* and of joints from the marrow, and is able to discern thoughts and intentions of the heart.</p><p></p><p>See Glossary.</p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:25)</strong></a> But the one who peers into the perfect law that belongs to freedom and continues in it has become, not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the work; and he will be happy in what he does.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
