<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, December 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Sunday, December 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class="themeScrp"><em>You must pray, then, this way: “Our Father.”​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 6:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">Do you find it difficult to think of God as your Father? Some may feel small and insignificant in comparison to Jehovah. They doubt that Almighty God cares about them as individuals. Yet, our loving Father does not want us to feel that way. He gave us life and wants us to have a relationship with him. After stating this truth, the apostle Paul explained to his listeners in Athens that Jehovah “is not far off from each one of us.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 17:24-29</a>) God wants each one of us to go to him just as a child naturally goes to a loving and caring parent. Others may find it hard to view Jehovah as their Father because their own human father showed them little or no love and affection. One Christian sister says: “My father was very abusive. When I first began to study the Bible, it was difficult for me to relate to a heavenly Father.” Do you have similar feelings? If so, be assured that you too can come to see Jehovah as the best possible Father. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>3 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:9)</strong></a> “You must pray, then, this way: “‘Our Father in the heavens, let your name be sanctified.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 17:24-29)</strong></a> The God who made the world and all the things in it, being, as he is, Lord of heaven and earth, does not dwell in handmade temples; <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>nor is he served by human hands as if he needed anything, because he himself gives to all people life and breath and all things. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>And he made out of one man every nation of men to dwell on the entire surface of the earth, and he decreed the appointed times and the set limits of where men would dwell, <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>so that they would seek God, if they might grope for him and really find him, although, in fact, he is not far off from each one of us. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>For by* him we have life and move and exist, even as some of your own poets have said, ‘For we are also his children.’* <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>“Therefore, since we are the children* of God, we should not think that the Divine Being is like gold or silver or stone, like something sculptured by the art and design of humans.</p><p></p><p>Or “because of.” Lit., “in.”</p><p>Or “progeny.”</p><p>Or “progeny.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
