<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, December 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021411"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Monday, December 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>Do not abandon me when my strength fails.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 71:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">Jesus taught us that no matter how limited our abilities or how small our efforts seem to us as we get older, Jehovah treasures whatever we can do in his service. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 92:12-15;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Luke 21:2-4</a>) So focus on what you can do. You can, for example, speak about Jehovah, pray for your brothers, and encourage others to stay faithful. Jehovah considers you to be his fellow worker, not because of what you accomplish, but because of your willing obedience to him. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 3:5-9</a>) How grateful we are to worship Jehovah, a God who truly values those who serve him! He created us to do his will, and it is true worship that adds real meaning to our lives. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Rev. 4:11</a>) Though the world may view us as worthless, Jehovah is not ashamed of us. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Heb. 11:16,</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 38</a>) When we feel weighed down by illness, economic hardship, or old age, let us remember that nothing can separate us from the love of our heavenly Father.​—<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Rom. 8:38, 39</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>18 ¶16;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021411-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation2"> 19 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 71:9)</strong></a> Do not cast me off in my old age; Do not abandon me when my strength fails.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 92:12-15)</strong></a> But the righteous will flourish like a palm tree And grow big like a cedar in Lebʹa·non. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>They are planted in the house of Jehovah; They flourish in the courtyards of our God. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>Even in old age* they will still be thriving; They will remain vigorous* and fresh, <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Declaring that Jehovah is upright. He is my Rock, in whom there is no unrighteousness.</p><p></p><p>Or “during gray-headedness.”</p><p>Lit., “fat.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 21:2-4)</strong></a> Then he saw a needy widow drop in two small coins of very little value, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>and he said: “Truly I say to you that this poor widow put in more than they all did. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>For all of these put in gifts* out of their surplus, but she, out of her want,* put in all the means of living she had.”</p><p></p><p>Or “contributed to the gifts.”</p><p>Or “poverty.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 3:5-9)</strong></a> What, then, is A·polʹlos? Yes, what is Paul? Ministers through whom you became believers, just as the Lord granted each one. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>I planted, A·polʹlos watered, but God kept making it grow, <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>so that neither is the one who plants anything nor is the one who waters, but God who makes it grow. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Now the one who plants and the one who waters are one, but each person will receive his own reward according to his own work. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>For we are God’s fellow workers. You are God’s field under cultivation, God’s building.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rev. 4:11)</strong></a> “You are worthy, Jehovah* our God, to receive the glory and the honor and the power, because you created all things, and because of your will they came into existence and were created.”</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Heb. 11:16)</strong></a> But now they are reaching out for a better place, that is, one belonging to heaven. Therefore, God is not ashamed of them, to be called on as their God, for he has prepared a city for them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Heb. 11:38)</strong></a> and the world was not worthy of them. They wandered about in deserts and mountains and caves and dens of the earth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:38, 39)</strong></a> For I am convinced that neither death nor life nor angels nor governments nor things now here nor things to come nor powers <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>nor height nor depth nor any other creation will be able to separate us from God’s love that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
