<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, February 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Sunday, February 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class="themeScrp"><em>Since we have this ministry . . . , we do not give up.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Cor. 4:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">The apostle Paul set a good example in making the ministry the most important activity in his life. When he was in Corinth during his second missionary journey, he was low on funds and had to spend some time making tents. He worked at this trade to support himself in the ministry so that he could declare the good news to the Corinthians “without cost” to them. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 11:7</a>) Although Paul had to do some secular work, he continued to give priority to the ministry, and he preached on every Sabbath. After his circumstances improved, Paul was able to give more attention to preaching. He “began to be intensely occupied with the word, witnessing to the Jews to prove that Jesus is the Christ.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 18:3-5;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 2 Cor. 11:9</a>) Later, when he was under house arrest in Rome for two years, Paul witnessed to visitors and wrote letters. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Acts 28:16,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 30, 31</a>) Paul was determined not to allow anything to interfere with his ministry. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>4 ¶9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p86" data-pid="86" class="p86"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 4:1)</strong></a> Therefore, since we have this ministry through the mercy that was shown us, we do not give up.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 11:7)</strong></a> Or did I commit a sin by humbling myself that you might be exalted, because I gladly declared the good news of God to you without cost?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 18:3-5)</strong></a> and because he had the same trade, he stayed at their home and worked with them, for they were tentmakers by trade. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>He would give a talk in the synagogue every sabbath and would persuade Jews and Greeks. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>When, now, both Silas and Timothy came down from Mac·e·doʹni·a, Paul began to be intensely occupied with the word, witnessing to the Jews to prove that Jesus is the Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 11:9)</strong></a> Yet, when I was present with you and I fell into need, I did not become a burden on anyone, for the brothers who came from Mac·e·doʹni·a abundantly supplied my needs. Yes, in every way I kept myself from becoming a burden to you and will continue to do so.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 28:16)</strong></a> When finally we entered Rome, Paul was permitted to stay by himself with the soldier guarding him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Acts 28:30, 31)</strong></a> So he remained there for an entire two years in his own rented house, and he would kindly receive all those who came to him, <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>preaching the Kingdom of God to them and teaching about the Lord Jesus Christ with the greatest freeness of speech, without hindrance.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
