<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, February 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Saturday, February 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>Complete what you started to do.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Cor. 8:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">Jehovah allows us to choose our course in life. He teaches us how to make good choices, and he helps us to succeed when we make decisions that please him. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 119:173</a>) The more we apply the wisdom found in God’s Word, the better we become at making good decisions. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Heb. 5:14</a>) Even when we make a wise decision, however, we may struggle to complete what we started. Consider some examples: A young brother decides to read the entire Bible. He does well for a few weeks but then stops for some reason. A sister decides to serve as a regular pioneer but keeps pushing back the date when she will begin. A body of elders makes a unanimous decision to be more involved in shepherding those in the congregation but after many months has not acted on it. These situations differ, but they have something in common. Those decisions were not fully implemented. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>26 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 8:11)</strong></a> So now, also complete what you started to do, so that your readiness to act may be completed according to the means you have available.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:173)</strong></a> May your hand be ready to help me, Because I choose to obey your orders.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 5:14)</strong></a> But solid food belongs to mature people, to those who through use have their powers of discernment* trained to distinguish both right and wrong.</p><p></p><p>Or “their perceptive powers.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
