<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, February 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Monday, February 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class="themeScrp"><em>There will be great tribulation such as has not occurred since the world’s beginning until now, no, nor will occur again.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 24:21</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">During the great tribulation, people will be shocked as they see everything that they once thought to be so stable in the world begin to fail. They will be in “anguish,” fearing for their very lives as they enter the darkest period of human existence. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Zeph. 1:14, 15</a>) At that time, life will likely get more difficult even for Jehovah’s people. Because we remain no part of the world, we may suffer some hardships. We may have to go without certain necessities. “The faithful and discreet slave” has been preparing us to stay faithful through the great tribulation. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 24:45</a>) This has been done in many ways, but consider one example: our timely convention programs for the years 2016-2018. Through those programs, we have been encouraged to strengthen the qualities that we need as we near Jehovah’s day. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>14 ¶2;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation2"> 16 ¶10;</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation3"> 17 ¶12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:21)</strong></a> for then there will be great tribulation such as has not occurred since the world’s beginning until now, no, nor will occur again.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Zeph. 1:14, 15)</strong></a> The great day of Jehovah is near! It is near and it is approaching very quickly!* The sound of the day of Jehovah is bitter. There a warrior cries out. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>That day is a day of fury, A day of distress and anguish, A day of storm and desolation, A day of darkness and gloom, A day of clouds and thick gloom,</p><p></p><p>Or “hurrying rapidly!”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:45)</strong></a> “Who really is the faithful and discreet slave whom his master appointed over his domestics, to give them their food at the proper time?</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
