<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, February 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Tuesday, February 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp"><em>He has enlightened the eyes of your heart.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 1:18</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">Jesus indicated that it is impossible to explain exactly to someone who has not been anointed how it feels to be “born again,” or to be “born from the spirit.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 3:3-8</a>) What change in thinking takes place when Christians are anointed? Before Jehovah anointed these Christians, they treasured the hope of living forever on earth. They looked forward with great eagerness to the time when Jehovah would remove all wickedness and make the earth a paradise. Perhaps they imagined themselves welcoming back a family member or a friend who had died. But after they were anointed, they started to think differently. Why is that? They did not become dissatisfied with that earthly hope. They did not change their mind because of emotional stress or turmoil. They did not suddenly feel that they would find living forever on earth to be boring. Instead, Jehovah used his holy spirit to change the way that they think and the hope that they cherish. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>22 ¶9-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 1:18)</strong></a> He has enlightened the eyes of your heart, so that you may know to what hope he called you, what glorious riches he holds as an inheritance for the holy ones,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 3:3-8)</strong></a> In response Jesus said to him: “Most truly I say to you, unless anyone is born again, he cannot see the Kingdom of God.” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Nic·o·deʹmus said to him: “How can a man be born when he is old? He cannot enter into the womb of his mother a second time and be born, can he?” <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>Jesus answered: “Most truly I say to you, unless anyone is born from water and spirit, he cannot enter into the Kingdom of God. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>What has been born from the flesh is flesh, and what has been born from the spirit is spirit. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Do not be amazed because I told you: You people must be born again. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>The wind blows where it wants to, and you hear the sound of it, but you do not know where it comes from and where it is going. So it is with everyone who has been born from the spirit.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
