<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, February 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47">Tuesday, February 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class="themeScrp"><em>You cannot be partaking of “the table of Jehovah” and the table of demons.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 10:21</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">Once we swallow food, automatic processes take over and the nutrients in the food eventually become part of our bodies. A good diet can make us healthier; a poor diet will make us unhealthy. The results may not become evident overnight, but they will become evident in time. Similarly, when we choose our entertainment, we have control over what we put into our mind. After that, automatic processes take over and our mind and heart are affected. Good entertainment can refresh us; unwholesome entertainment will harm us. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jas. 1:14, 15</a>) The effects of bad entertainment may not be immediately evident, but they will eventually become obvious. That is why the Bible warns us: “Whatever a person is sowing, this he will also reap; because the one sowing with a view to his flesh will reap corruption from his flesh.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gal. 6:7, 8</a>) How important it is for us to reject all entertainment that promotes things that Jehovah hates!​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 97:10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>30 ¶12-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 10:21)</strong></a> You cannot be drinking the cup of Jehovah and the cup of demons; you cannot be partaking of “the table of Jehovah” and the table of demons.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:14, 15)</strong></a> But each one is tried by being drawn out and enticed* by his own desire. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Then the desire, when it has become fertile,* gives birth to sin; in turn sin, when it has been carried out, brings forth death.</p><p></p><p>Or “caught as by bait.”</p><p>Lit., “has conceived.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gal. 6:7, 8)</strong></a> Do not be misled: God is not one to be mocked. For whatever a person is sowing, this he will also reap; <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>because the one sowing with a view to his flesh will reap corruption from his flesh, but the one sowing with a view to the spirit will reap everlasting life from the spirit.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 97:10)</strong></a> O you who love Jehovah, hate what is bad. He is guarding the lives* of his loyal ones; He rescues them from the hand* of the wicked.</p><p></p><p>Or “souls.”</p><p>Or “power.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
