<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, February 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Thursday, February 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="themeScrp"><em>I live because of the Father.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 6:57</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">Jesus acknowledged that his Father was the Source and Sustainer of his life when he stated the above. Jesus completely trusted in his Father, and Jehovah supplied his physical needs. Most important, Jehovah cared for Jesus spiritually. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 4:4</a>) Jehovah also provides for our spiritual needs. Through his Word, he has revealed the truth about himself, his purpose, the meaning of life, and the future. He showed us personal attention when we first learned the truth, using our parents or another teacher to help us come to know him. And we continue to receive kind assistance from loving congregation elders and other mature brothers and sisters. In addition, Jehovah instructs us through our congregation meetings, where we learn alongside our spiritual family. In these and other ways, Jehovah shows his fatherly interest in all of us.​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 32:8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>3 ¶8;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation2"> 5 ¶13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 6:57)</strong></a> Just as the living Father sent me and I live because of the Father, so also the one who feeds on me will live because of me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 4:4)</strong></a> But he answered: “It is written: ‘Man must live, not on bread alone, but on every word that comes from Jehovah’s mouth.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 32:8)</strong></a> “I will give you insight and instruct you in the way you should go. I will give you advice with my eye upon you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
