<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, February 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Wednesday, February 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class="themeScrp"><em>Weep with those who weep.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 12:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">We may find it hard to know what to say to someone who is overcome by grief. Sometimes our tears say more than our words. When Jesus’ friend Lazarus died, Mary, Martha, and others wept for their beloved brother and friend. Four days later when Jesus arrived, he too “gave way to tears,” even though he knew that he was about to resurrect Lazarus. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 11:17,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 33-35</a>) Jesus’ tears reflected the feelings of his Father. They also confirmed Jesus’ love for the family, which no doubt comforted Mary and Martha. Similarly, when our brothers sense our love and concern, they know that they are not alone but are surrounded by caring and supportive friends. Sometimes we must simply be a good listener. Allow your brother to pour out his heart, and do not be offended by “wild talk.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Job 6:2, 3</a>) He may be under added emotional stress because of pressure from relatives who are not Witnesses. So pray with him. Beg the “Hearer of prayer” to give him strength and clarity of mind.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 65:2</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>18-19 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:15)</strong></a> Rejoice with those who rejoice; weep with those who weep.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 11:17)</strong></a> When Jesus arrived, he found that Lazʹa·rus had already been in the tomb for four days.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 11:33-35)</strong></a> When Jesus saw her weeping and the Jews who had come with her weeping, he groaned within himself and became troubled. <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>He said: “Where have you laid him?” They said to him: “Lord, come and see.” <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>Jesus gave way to tears.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Job 6:2, 3)</strong></a> “If only my anguish could be fully weighed And put on scales together with my calamity!  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>For now it is heavier than the sands of the seas. That is why my words have been wild talk.*</p><p></p><p>Or “rash, reckless speech.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 65:2)</strong></a> O Hearer of prayer, to you people of all sorts* will come.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “all flesh.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
