<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, February 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Friday, February 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class="themeScrp"><em>They gathered them together to . . . Armageddon.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rev. 16:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">Some people apply the word “Armageddon” to a nuclear war or an environmental disaster. In contrast, the Bible says that Armageddon involves good news, a cause for happiness! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rev. 1:3</a>) The war of Armageddon will not destroy but save mankind! How so? By ending human rule. That war will save mankind by removing the wicked and preserving the righteous. And it will save mankind by protecting our planet from ruin. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rev. 11:18</a>) The word “Armageddon” appears just once in the Scriptures, and it comes from a Hebrew term that means “Mountain of Megiddo.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rev. 16:16</a>; ftn.) Megiddo was a city in ancient Israel. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Josh. 17:11</a>) But Armageddon does not refer to any literal place on earth. Strictly speaking, it refers to the situation to which “the kings of the entire inhabited earth” are gathered in opposition to Jehovah.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Rev. 16:14</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>8 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rev. 16:16)</strong></a> And they gathered them together to the place that is called in Hebrew Armageddon.*</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>Har Ma·ge·donʹ, </em>from a Hebrew term meaning “Mountain of Megiddo.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 1:3)</strong></a> Happy is the one who reads aloud and those who hear the words of this prophecy and who observe the things written in it, for the appointed time is near.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 11:18)</strong></a> But the nations became wrathful, and your own wrath came, and the appointed time came for the dead to be judged and to reward your slaves the prophets and the holy ones and those fearing your name, the small and the great, and to bring to ruin those ruining* the earth.”</p><p></p><p>Or “to destroy those who are destroying.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rev. 16:16)</strong></a> And they gathered them together to the place that is called in Hebrew Armageddon.*</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>Har Ma·ge·donʹ, </em>from a Hebrew term meaning “Mountain of Megiddo.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Josh. 17:11)</strong></a> In the territories of Isʹsa·char and Ashʹer, Ma·nasʹseh was given Beth-sheʹan and its dependent* towns, Ibʹle·am and its dependent towns, the inhabitants of Dor and its dependent towns, the inhabitants of En-dor and its dependent towns, the inhabitants of Taʹa·nach and its dependent towns, and the inhabitants of Me·gidʹdo and its dependent towns, three of the heights.</p><p></p><p>Or “surrounding.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rev. 16:14)</strong></a> They are, in fact, expressions inspired by demons and they perform signs, and they go out to the kings of the entire inhabited earth, to gather them together to the war of the great day of God the Almighty.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
