<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, February 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Thursday, February 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class="themeScrp"><em>Pour out your hearts before him.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 62:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">Whether we serve in the field or at Bethel, we can develop deep affection for people and even for the place where we serve. If for any reason we have to leave, our heart feels torn. We miss those who stay behind, and we worry about them, especially if we had to leave because of persecution. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 10:23;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 2 Cor. 11:28, 29</a>) Further, taking up a new assignment​—or even returning home—​often means experiencing culture shock. Some who get a change of assignment may suddenly face unexpected financial challenges. They may feel uncertain, insecure, and discouraged. What can help? Stay close to Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Jas. 4:8</a>) How can we do that? By trusting in him as the “Hearer of prayer.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Ps. 65:2</a>) Jehovah can do “more than superabundantly beyond all the things we ask or conceive.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Eph. 3:20</a>) He does not limit himself to what we specifically ask for in our prayers. He may do the unexpected, beyond anything that we could ever think of, to solve our problems. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>21 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 62:8)</strong></a> Trust in him at all times, O people. Pour out your hearts before him. God is a refuge for us. (<em>Selah</em>)</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 10:23)</strong></a> When they persecute you in one city, flee to another; for truly I say to you, you will by no means complete the circuit of the cities of Israel until the Son of man arrives.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 11:28, 29)</strong></a> Besides those things of an external kind, there is what rushes in on me from day to day:* the anxiety for all the congregations. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>Who is weak, and I am not weak? Who is stumbled, and I am not incensed?</p><p></p><p>Or “the daily pressure on me.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Jas. 4:8)</strong></a> Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners, and purify your hearts, you indecisive ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 65:2)</strong></a> O Hearer of prayer, to you people of all sorts* will come.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “all flesh.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Eph. 3:20)</strong></a> Now to the one who can, according to his power that is operating in us, do more than superabundantly beyond all the things we ask or conceive,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
