<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, February 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><strong>February</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Monday, February 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp">[<em>Jehovah</em>] <em>loves . . . justice.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 33:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">“Justice,” as used in the Bible, basically means to do what God considers to be right and to do so without partiality. Consider how Jesus’ actions revealed his sense of justice. In his day, the Jewish religious leaders hated non-Jews, despised common Jews, and disrespected women. Jesus, however, was fair and impartial in dealing with all. He accepted non-Jews who approached him in faith. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 8:5-10,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 13</a>) He preached without prejudice to all, rich and poor. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 11:5;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Luke 19:2,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 9</a>) He was never harsh or abusive in his treatment of women. On the contrary, he was respectful and kind to women, including those whom others viewed with scorn. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Luke 7:37-39,</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> 44-50</a>) We can imitate Jesus by dealing impartially with others and preaching to all who are willing to listen​—regardless of their social or religious background. Christian men follow his example by treating women with respect. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>2 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted.xhtml#pcitation2"> 5 ¶15-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 33:5)</strong></a> He loves righteousness and justice. The earth is filled with Jehovah’s loyal love.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 8:5-10)</strong></a> When he entered Ca·perʹna·um, an army officer came to him, pleading with him <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>and saying: “Sir, my servant is laid up in the house with paralysis, and he is suffering terribly.”* <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>He said to him: “When I get there, I will cure him.” <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>The army officer replied: “Sir, I am not worthy to have you come under my roof, but just say the word and my servant will be healed. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>For I too am a man under authority, having soldiers under me, and I say to this one, ‘Go!’ and he goes, and to another, ‘Come!’ and he comes, and to my slave, ‘Do this!’ and he does it.” <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>When Jesus heard that, he was amazed and said to those following him: “I tell you the truth, with no one in Israel have I found so great a faith.</p><p></p><p>Or “is terribly afflicted.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 8:13)</strong></a> Then Jesus said to the army officer: “Go. Just as you have shown faith, so let it come to pass for you.” And the servant was healed in that hour.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:5)</strong></a> The blind are now seeing and the lame are walking, the lepers are being cleansed and the deaf are hearing, the dead are being raised up and the poor are being told the good news.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Luke 19:2)</strong></a> Now a man named Zac·chaeʹus was there; he was a chief tax collector, and he was rich.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Luke 19:9)</strong></a> At this Jesus said to him: “Today salvation has come to this house, because he too is a son of Abraham.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Luke 7:37-39)</strong></a> And look! a woman who was known in the city to be a sinner learned that he was dining* in the house of the Pharisee, and she brought an alabaster jar of perfumed oil. <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>Taking a position behind him at his feet, she wept and began to wet his feet with her tears, and she wiped them off with the hair of her head. Also, she tenderly kissed his feet and poured the perfumed oil on them. <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>Seeing this, the Pharisee who had invited him said to himself: “If this man were really a prophet, he would know who and what kind of woman it is who is touching him, that she is a sinner.”</p><p></p><p>Or “reclining at the table.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Luke 7:44-50)</strong></a> With that he turned to the woman and said to Simon: “Do you see this woman? I entered your house; you gave me no water for my feet. But this woman wet my feet with her tears and wiped them off with her hair. <strong><sup>45 </sup></strong>You gave me no kiss, but this woman, from the hour that I came in, did not stop tenderly kissing my feet. <strong><sup>46 </sup></strong>You did not pour oil on my head, but this woman poured perfumed oil on my feet. <strong><sup>47 </sup></strong>Because of this, I tell you, her sins, many* though they are, are forgiven, because she loved much. But the one who is forgiven little, loves little.” <strong><sup>48 </sup></strong>Then he said to her: “Your sins are forgiven.” <strong><sup>49 </sup></strong>Those reclining at the table with him started to say among themselves: “Who is this man who even forgives sins?” <strong><sup>50 </sup></strong>But he said to the woman: “Your faith has saved you; go in peace.”</p><p></p><p>Or “great.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
