<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, February 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38">Saturday, February 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class="themeScrp"><em>She had not been able to get a cure from anyone.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 8:43</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">The woman desperately needed help. She had gone to many physicians, hoping to find relief. After 12 years of misery, she still had not been healed. According to the Law, she was unclean. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Lev. 15:25</a>) Then she heard that Jesus could cure those who were suffering, so she went to find him. When she found him, she touched the fringe of his outer garment, and immediately she was cured! But Jesus did more than heal her body​—he restored her dignity. For example, when talking with her, he used the warm yet respectful term “daughter.” How truly refreshed, or energized, that woman must have felt! (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 8:44-48</a>) Notice that the woman went to Jesus. She took the initiative. The same is true today​—we must make the effort to “come to” Jesus. At present, Jesus will not miraculously cure the physical sicknesses of those who “come to” him. But he still extends the invitation: “Come to me, . . . and I will refresh you.”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 11:28</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>20 ¶2-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 8:43)</strong></a> Now there was a woman who had a flow of blood for 12 years, and she had not been able to get a cure from anyone.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Lev. 15:25)</strong></a> “‘When a woman’s discharge of blood flows for many days when it is not the regular time of her menstruation, or if she should have a flow longer than her usual menstruation, she will be unclean during all the days of her discharge, as in the days of her menstrual impurity.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 8:44-48)</strong></a> She approached from behind and touched the fringe* of his outer garment, and immediately her flow of blood stopped. <strong><sup>45 </sup></strong>So Jesus said: “Who touched me?” When they were all denying it, Peter said: “Instructor, the crowds are hemming you in and pressing against you.” <strong><sup>46 </sup></strong>But Jesus said: “Someone touched me, for I know* that power went out of me.” <strong><sup>47 </sup></strong>Seeing that she had not escaped notice, the woman came trembling and fell down before him and declared before all the people why she touched him and how she was healed immediately. <strong><sup>48 </sup></strong>But he said to her: “Daughter, your faith has made you well.* Go in peace.”</p><p></p><p>Or “edge; border; tassel.”</p><p>Or “perceived.”</p><p>Or “has saved you.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:28)</strong></a> Come to me, all you who are toiling* and loaded down, and I will refresh you.</p><p></p><p>Or “struggling hard.” Or possibly, “weary; tired.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
