<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, February 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Thursday, February 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class="themeScrp"><em>Keep on asking, and it will be given you; keep on seeking, and you will find; keep on knocking, and it will be opened to you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 11:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">To receive the help of holy spirit, we must pray for it with persistence. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 11:13</a>) Jesus’ illustration at <span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 11:5-9</a> helps us to see why Jehovah will give us holy spirit. The man in the illustration wanted to be a good host. He felt compelled to serve food to his late-night visitor but had nothing to offer him. Jesus said that the neighbor responded because of the man’s bold persistence in asking for bread. What was Jesus’ point? If an imperfect human is willing to help a persistent neighbor, how much more so will our kind heavenly Father help those who persistently ask him for holy spirit! Therefore, we can pray with confidence that Jehovah will respond to our urgent request for holy spirit. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 10:17;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 66:19</a>) We can be sure that in spite of Satan’s relentless efforts to defeat us, we will be victorious. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>13 ¶17-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 11:9)</strong></a> So I say to you, keep on asking, and it will be given you; keep on seeking, and you will find; keep on knocking, and it will be opened to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 11:13)</strong></a> Therefore, if you, although being wicked, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more so will the Father in heaven give holy spirit to those asking him!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 11:5-9)</strong></a> Then he said to them: “Suppose one of you has a friend and you go to him at midnight and say to him, ‘Friend, lend me three loaves, <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>because one of my friends has just come to me on a journey and I have nothing to offer him.’ <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>But that one replies from inside: ‘Stop bothering me. The door is already locked, and my young children are with me in bed. I cannot get up and give you anything.’ <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>I tell you, even if he will not get up and give him anything because of being his friend, certainly because of his bold persistence he will get up and give him whatever he needs. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>So I say to you, keep on asking, and it will be given you; keep on seeking, and you will find; keep on knocking, and it will be opened to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 10:17)</strong></a> But you will hear the request of the meek, O Jehovah. You will make their hearts firm and pay close attention to them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 66:19)</strong></a> But God did hear; He paid attention to my prayer.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
