<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, February 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Monday, February 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class="themeScrp"><em>These are my fellow workers for the Kingdom of God, and they have become a source of great comfort to me.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 4:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">The apostle Paul faced one life-threatening situation after another. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Cor. 11:23-28</a>) He also had to endure “a thorn in the flesh,” possibly some sort of health problem. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Cor. 12:7</a>) And he had to cope with disappointment when Demas, his onetime fellow worker, abandoned him “because [Demas] loved the present system of things.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Tim. 4:10</a>) Paul was a courageous spirit-anointed Christian who unselfishly helped others, but at times even he felt discouraged. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Rom. 9:1, 2</a>) Paul received the comfort and support he needed. How? Jehovah certainly used His holy spirit to strengthen him. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">2 Cor. 4:7;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> Phil. 4:13</a>) Jehovah also comforted him through fellow Christians. Paul described some of his fellow workers as “a source of great comfort.” (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Col. 4:11</a>) Among the ones he mentioned by name were Aristarchus, Tychicus, and Mark. They strengthened Paul, helping him to endure. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>8 ¶2-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 4:11)</strong></a> and Jesus who is called Justus, who are of those circumcised. Only these are my fellow workers for the Kingdom of God, and they have become a source of great comfort* to me.</p><p></p><p>Or “a strengthening aid.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 11:23-28)</strong></a> Are they ministers of Christ? I reply like a madman, I am more outstandingly one: I have done more work, been imprisoned more often, suffered countless beatings, and experienced many near-deaths. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>Five times I received 40 strokes less one from the Jews, <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>three times I was beaten with rods, once I was stoned, three times I experienced shipwreck, a night and a day I have spent in the open sea; <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>in journeys often, in dangers from rivers, in dangers from robbers, in dangers from my own people, in dangers from the nations, in dangers in the city, in dangers in the wilderness, in dangers at sea, in dangers among false brothers, <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>in labor and toil, in sleepless nights often, in hunger and thirst, frequently without food, in cold and lacking clothing. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>Besides those things of an external kind, there is what rushes in on me from day to day:* the anxiety for all the congregations.</p><p></p><p>Or “the daily pressure on me.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 12:7)</strong></a> just because of receiving such extraordinary revelations. To keep me from becoming overly exalted, I was given a thorn in the flesh, an angel of Satan, to keep slapping me, so that I might not be overly exalted.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 4:10)</strong></a> For Deʹmas has forsaken me because he loved the present system of things,* and he has gone to Thes·sa·lo·niʹca, Cresʹcens to Ga·laʹti·a, Titus to Dal·maʹtia.</p><p></p><p>Or “present age.” See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rom. 9:1, 2)</strong></a> I am telling the truth in Christ; I am not lying, as my conscience bears witness with me in holy spirit, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>that I have great grief and unceasing pain in my heart.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 4:7)</strong></a> However, we have this treasure in earthen vessels, so that the power beyond what is normal may be God’s and not from us.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:13)</strong></a> For all things I have the strength through the one who gives me power.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Col. 4:11)</strong></a> and Jesus who is called Justus, who are of those circumcised. Only these are my fellow workers for the Kingdom of God, and they have become a source of great comfort* to me.</p><p></p><p>Or “a strengthening aid.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
