<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, February 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Tuesday, February 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>We became gentle in your midst, as when a nursing mother tenderly cares for her own children.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Thess. 2:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">Loyal elders today can likewise use tender, gentle words as they offer Scriptural comfort to those in need. Are elders the only ones who can give comfort to victims of abuse? No. All of us have a responsibility to “keep comforting one another.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Thess. 4:18</a>) Mature Christian sisters can be especially encouraging to sisters in need of comfort. Fittingly, Jehovah God likened himself to a mother who comforts her son. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isa. 66:13</a>) The Bible includes examples of women who provided comfort to those in distress. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Job 42:11</a>) How delighted Jehovah is to see Christian women today offering comfort to fellow sisters who struggle with emotional pain! In some cases, an elder or two may discreetly ask a mature sister if she is in a position to help a suffering sister in that way. Of course, we are careful not to pry into matters that a fellow Christian prefers to keep private.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Thess. 4:11</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>16-17 ¶10-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 2:7)</strong></a> On the contrary, we became gentle in your midst, as when a nursing mother tenderly cares for* her own children.</p><p></p><p>Or “cherishes.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 4:18)</strong></a> So keep comforting one another with these words.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 66:13)</strong></a> As a mother comforts her son, So I will keep comforting you; And over Jerusalem you will be comforted.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Job 42:11)</strong></a> All his brothers and sisters and all his former friends came to him and ate a meal with him in his house. They sympathized with him and comforted him over all the calamity that Jehovah had allowed to come upon him. Each of them gave him a piece of money and a gold ring.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 4:11)</strong></a> Make it your aim to live quietly and to mind your own business and to work with your hands, just as we instructed you,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
