<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, February 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021401"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Sunday, February 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah, give attention to their threats, and grant to your slaves to keep speaking your word with all boldness.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 4:29</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">If our work is banned, the elders will arrange for you to attend meetings in a way that will not attract unwanted attention. They may direct you to meet in small groups and may change the meeting times and locations frequently. Regarding the preaching work, circumstances will vary from one location to another. But we love Jehovah and enjoy telling others about his Kingdom, so we will find a way to preach. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 8:1</a>) Commenting on Jehovah’s Witnesses in the former Soviet Union, historian Emily B. Baran said: “When the state told believers that they could not evangelize their faith to others, Witnesses chatted [with] their neighbors, coworkers, and friends. When these actions landed them in labor camps, Witnesses sought out converts among their fellow prisoners.” Despite the ban, our brothers there did not stop preaching. May you have that same determination! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021401-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>11 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 4:29)</strong></a> And now, Jehovah, give attention to their threats, and grant to your slaves to keep speaking your word with all boldness,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 8:1)</strong></a> Shortly afterward he traveled from city to city and from village to village, preaching and declaring the good news of the Kingdom of God. And the Twelve were with him,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
