<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, March 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Sunday, March 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>Come to me.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 11:28</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">One way to “come to” Jesus is by learning as much as we can about the things he said and did. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 1:1-4</a>) Nobody else can do this for us​—we must study these accounts for ourselves. We also “come to” Jesus by making the decision to get baptized and become a disciple of Christ. Another way to “come to” Jesus is by going to the congregation elders if we need help. Jesus uses these “gifts in men” to care for his sheep. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eph. 4:7, 8,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 11;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> John 21:16;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 1 Pet. 5:1-3</a>) We must take the initiative to ask for their help. We cannot expect the elders to read our minds and know what we need. Consider what a brother named Julian says: “I asked for help, and that shepherding visit turned out to be one of the best gifts I have ever received.” Loyal elders, such as the two who visited Julian, can help us to know “the mind of Christ,” that is, to understand and imitate his thinking and attitude. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">1 Cor. 2:16;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> 1 Pet. 2:21</a>) This really is one of the best gifts they can give us. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>21 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:28)</strong></a> Come to me, all you who are toiling* and loaded down, and I will refresh you.</p><p></p><p>Or “struggling hard.” Or possibly, “weary; tired.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 1:1-4)</strong></a> Seeing that many have undertaken to compile an account of the facts that are given full credence among us, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>just as these were handed down to us by those who from the beginning were eyewitnesses and attendants of the message, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>I resolved also, because I have traced all things from the start with accuracy, to write them to you in logical order, most excellent The·ophʹi·lus, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>so that you may know fully the certainty of the things that you have been taught orally.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:7, 8)</strong></a> Now undeserved kindness was given to each one of us according to how the Christ measured out the free gift. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>For it says: “When he ascended on high he carried away captives; he gave gifts in men.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:11)</strong></a> And he gave some as apostles, some as prophets, some as evangelizers,* some as shepherds and teachers,</p><p></p><p>Or “proclaimers of the good news.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 21:16)</strong></a> Again he said to him a second time: “Simon son of John, do you love me?” He replied: “Yes, Lord, you know I have affection for you.” He said to him: “Shepherd my little sheep.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:1-3)</strong></a> Therefore, as a fellow elder, a witness of the sufferings of the Christ and a sharer of the glory that is to be revealed, I make this appeal* to the elders among you: <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>Shepherd the flock of God under your care, serving as overseers,* not under compulsion, but willingly before God; not for love of dishonest gain, but eagerly; <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>not lording it over those who are God’s inheritance, but becoming examples to the flock.</p><p></p><p>Or “exhortation.”</p><p>Or “carefully watching over it.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 2:16)</strong></a> For “who has come to know the mind of Jehovah, so that he may instruct him?” But we do have the mind of Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:21)</strong></a> In fact, to this course you were called, because even Christ suffered for you, leaving a model for you to follow his steps closely.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
