<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, March 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p76" data-pid="76">Thursday, March 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p77" data-pid="77" class="themeScrp">[<em>Christ</em>] <em>was favorably heard for his godly fear.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 5:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class="p78">On the yearly Day of Atonement, the high priest had to burn the incense before he could offer up the sacrifices. In that way, he made sure that he would have God’s approval when offering up the sacrifices. While on earth, Jesus had to do something important​—something more important than providing salvation for mankind—​before he could offer up his life in sacrifice. What was that? By living a life of integrity and loyalty, Jesus had to prepare the way for Jehovah to accept his sacrifice. In that way, Jesus would prove that doing things Jehovah’s way is the right way to live. Jesus would vindicate his Father’s sovereignty, or way of ruling. Throughout his earthly life, Jesus maintained perfect obedience to Jehovah’s righteous standards. No temptation or trial could weaken his desire to defend his Father’s way of ruling.​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Phil. 2:8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>21 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 11) </strong><span id="citationsource3"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted25.xhtml#citation3"><strong>Luke 20:1-47</strong></a></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 5:7)</strong></a> During his life on earth,* Christ offered up supplications and also petitions, with strong outcries and tears, to the One who was able to save him out of death, and he was favorably heard for his godly fear.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “In the days of his flesh.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:8)</strong></a> More than that, when he came as a man,* he humbled himself and became obedient to the point of death, yes, death on a torture stake.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “when he was found in appearance as a man.”</p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
