<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, March 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Saturday, March 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>Take up the large shield of faith.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 6:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">Like a large shield that protects most of the body, your faith protects you from the immoral, violent, and godless influences of this corrupt system of things. As Christians, we wage a spiritual battle and our enemies include wicked spirits. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 6:10-12</a>) How can you be sure that you are ready to face tests? First, you must pray for God’s help. Then, you need to use God’s Word to help you see yourself as God sees you. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Heb. 4:12</a>) The Bible states: “Trust in Jehovah with all your heart, and do not rely on your own understanding.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Prov. 3:5, 6</a>) With that in mind, why not review some of the decisions you have made recently? For example, have you faced a serious financial problem? Did Jehovah’s promise recorded at <span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Hebrews 13:5</a> come to mind: “I will never leave you, and I will never abandon you”? Did that promise give you confidence that Jehovah would help you? If so, that indicates that you are keeping your shield of faith in good condition. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>14 ¶1,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation2"> 4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:16)</strong></a> Besides all of this, take up the large shield of faith, with which you will be able to extinguish all the wicked one’s burning arrows.*</p><p></p><p>Or “missiles; darts.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:10-12)</strong></a> Finally, go on acquiring power in the Lord and in the mightiness of his strength. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>Put on the complete suit of armor from God so that you may be able to stand firm against the crafty acts* of the Devil; <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>because we have a struggle,* not against blood and flesh, but against the governments, against the authorities, against the world rulers of this darkness, against the wicked spirit forces in the heavenly places.</p><p></p><p>Or “the schemes.”</p><p>Lit., “wrestling.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 4:12)</strong></a> For the word of God is alive and exerts power and is sharper than any two-edged sword and pierces even to the dividing of soul* and spirit,* and of joints from the marrow, and is able to discern thoughts and intentions of the heart.</p><p></p><p>See Glossary.</p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 3:5, 6)</strong></a> Trust in Jehovah with all your heart, And do not rely* on your own understanding.  <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>In all your ways take notice of him, And he will make your paths straight.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “lean.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:5)</strong></a> Let your way of life be free of the love of money, while you are content with the present things. For he has said: “I will never leave you, and I will never abandon you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
