<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, March 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Monday, March 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class="themeScrp"><em>A Jubilee is what that 50th year will become for you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Lev. 25:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">How did the Israelites benefit from the Jubilee? Well, suppose an Israelite had fallen into debt and, as a result, had been forced to sell his land to pay off the debt. During the Jubilee year, that land was to be returned to him. Therefore, the man could “return to his property,” and the future inheritance of his children would not be lost. In another case, a man who fell on hard times might have had to sell one of his children​—or even himself—​into slavery in order to pay a debt. During the Jubilee year, the slave was to “return to his family.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Lev. 25:10</a>) So no one would become a slave permanently with no hope! In addition Jehovah said: “No one among you should become poor, for Jehovah will surely bless you in the land that Jehovah your God is giving you to possess as an inheritance.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Deut. 15:4</a>) What a contrast to what is happening in the world today, where the rich often get richer and the poor, poorer! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>8-9 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Lev. 25:11)</strong></a> A Jubilee is what that 50th year will become for you. You will not sow seed or reap what grew on its own from leftover grain nor gather the grapes of unpruned vines.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Lev. 25:10)</strong></a> You must sanctify the 50th year and proclaim liberty in the land to all its inhabitants. It will become a Jubilee for you, and each of you will return to his property and each of you should return to his family.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Deut. 15:4)</strong></a> However, no one among you should become poor, for Jehovah will surely bless you in the land that Jehovah your God is giving you to possess as an inheritance,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
