<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, March 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Wednesday, March 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class="themeScrp"><em>Be careful not to let your heart be enticed to go astray and worship other gods.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Deut. 11:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">Satan cleverly tempted the Israelites to commit idolatry by taking advantage of their need to provide food for themselves. When the Israelites entered the Promised Land, they had to change their methods of growing food. While in Egypt, the Israelites irrigated the farmland by using water drawn from the Nile. However, the agricultural system in the Promised Land was based, not on water drawn from a huge river system, but on water gained from seasonal rains, as well as from the dew that watered the vegetation. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Deut. 11:10-15;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Isa. 18:4, 5</a>) Therefore, the Israelites had to learn new farming methods. But why did Jehovah warn against worshipping false gods while he was speaking about farming? Jehovah knew that his people would be tempted to learn useful skills from the pagan people around them and that the thinking of those Canaanite farmers was affected by their belief in Baal.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Num. 25:3,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 5;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Judg. 2:13;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 1 Ki. 18:18</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>3 ¶4-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Deut. 11:16)</strong></a> Be careful not to let your heart be enticed to go astray and worship other gods and bow down to them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Deut. 11:10-15)</strong></a> “The land you are going to take possession of is not like the land of Egypt, out of which you came, where you used to sow your seed and irrigate it with your foot,* like a garden of vegetables. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>But the land you are about to cross into and possess is a land of mountains and valley plains. It drinks the water that rains from the heavens; <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>it is a land that Jehovah your God is caring for. The eyes of Jehovah your God are constantly upon it, from the beginning of the year to the close of the year. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>“And if you will diligently obey my commandments that I am commanding you today and love Jehovah your God and serve him with all your heart and all your soul,* <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>I will also give rain for your land at its appointed time, autumn rain and spring rain, and you will gather your grain and your new wine and your oil. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>And I will provide vegetation in your fields for your livestock, and you will eat and be satisfied.</p><p></p><p>Or “water it with your foot,” that is, by some form of foot power, whether on a waterwheel or by forming and opening water channels.</p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 18:4, 5)</strong></a> For this is what Jehovah said to me: “I will remain undisturbed and look on* my established place, Like the shimmering heat along with the sunlight, Like the cloud of dew in the heat of harvest.  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>For before the harvest, When the blossom is finished and the bloom becomes a ripening grape, The shoots will be cut off with pruning shears And the tendrils will be lopped off and removed.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “from.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Num. 25:3)</strong></a> So Israel joined in worship of* the Baʹal of Peʹor, and Jehovah became enraged with Israel.</p><p></p><p>Or “attached itself to.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Num. 25:5)</strong></a> Then Moses said to the judges of Israel: “Each one of you should kill his men who joined in worship of* the Baʹal of Peʹor.”</p><p></p><p>Or “attached themselves to.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Judg. 2:13)</strong></a> They abandoned Jehovah and served Baʹal and the Ashʹto·reth images.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(1 Ki. 18:18)</strong></a> To this he said: “I have not brought trouble on Israel, but you and the house of your father have, by abandoning the commandments of Jehovah and by following the Baʹals.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
