<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, March 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Thursday, March 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class="themeScrp"><em>Each one is tried by being drawn out and enticed by his own desire.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jas. 1:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">We must carefully control not only the type of entertainment we enjoy but also the amount of time we spend enjoying it. If we do not, we may spend more time on entertaining ourselves than we do on serving Jehovah. First, find out how much time you are actually spending on it. Why not keep a record for one week? Write on a calendar how many hours you spend watching television, surfing the Internet, and playing games on your mobile device. If you feel that you are spending an excessive amount of time, try making a schedule. Assign time to the more important things first, and then allot time for entertainment. Next, ask Jehovah to help you stick to your schedule. That way you will have the time and energy you need for personal Bible study, family worship, congregation meetings, and serving Jehovah in the preaching and teaching work. You may also be less likely to feel guilty about the time you spend on entertainment. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>30 ¶14,</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation2"> 16;</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation3"> 31 ¶17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:14)</strong></a> But each one is tried by being drawn out and enticed* by his own desire.</p><p></p><p>Or “caught as by bait.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
