<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, March 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p92" data-pid="92">Monday, March 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p93" data-pid="93" class="themeScrp">[<em>Jehovah</em>] <em>sent me to proclaim liberty to the captives . . . , to send the crushed ones away free.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 4:18</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p94" data-pid="94" class="p94">Jesus opened the way to liberty from the oppressive doctrines taught by the religious leaders. Many Jews back then were enslaved to traditions and mistaken beliefs. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 5:31-37;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted29.xhtml#citation3"> 15:1-11</a>) Those who presumed to be spiritual guides were in a sense blind. In rejecting the Messiah and the spiritual enlightenment he offered, they remained in darkness and in sin. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">John 9:1,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 14-16,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 35-41</a>) By his correct teachings and good example, Jesus made known to meek ones a spiritual liberation. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Mark 1:22;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted29.xhtml#citation8"> 2:23–3:5</a>) Also, Jesus provided liberation by freeing mankind from enslavement to inherited sin. On the basis of Jesus’ sacrifice, God could forgive the sins of those who show faith and who accept the ransom He provided.​—<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">Heb. 10:12-18</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>10 ¶8;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation2"> 11 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p95" data-pid="95" class="p95"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 15) </strong><span id="citationsource10"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10">Matthew 27:62-66</a></strong></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 4:18)</strong></a> “Jehovah’s spirit is upon me, because he anointed me to declare good news to the poor. He sent me to proclaim liberty to the captives and a recovery of sight to the blind, to send the crushed ones away free,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:31-37)</strong></a> “Moreover, it was said: ‘Whoever divorces his wife, let him give her a certificate of divorce.’ <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>However, I say to you that everyone divorcing his wife, except on account of sexual immorality, makes her a subject for adultery, and whoever marries a divorced woman commits adultery. <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>“Again you heard that it was said to those of ancient times: ‘You must not swear without performing, but you must pay your vows to Jehovah.’ <strong><sup>34 </sup></strong>However, I say to you: Do not swear at all, neither by heaven, for it is God’s throne; <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>nor by earth, for it is the footstool of his feet; nor by Jerusalem, for it is the city of the great King. <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>Do not swear by your head, since you cannot turn one hair white or black. <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>Just let your word ‘Yes’ mean yes, your ‘No,’ no, for what goes beyond these is from the wicked one.*</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “from what is wicked.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 9:1)</strong></a> As he was passing along, he saw a man who had been blind from birth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 9:14-16)</strong></a> Incidentally, the day that Jesus made the paste and opened his eyes was the Sabbath. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>So this time the Pharisees also began asking the man how he gained sight. He said to them: “He put a paste on my eyes, and I washed, and I can see.” <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>Some of the Pharisees then began to say: “This is not a man from God, for he does not observe the Sabbath.” Others said: “How can a man who is a sinner perform signs of that sort?” So there was a division among them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(John 9:35-41)</strong></a> Jesus heard that they had thrown him out, and on finding him, he said: “Are you putting faith in the Son of man?” <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>The man answered: “And who is he, sir, so that I may put faith in him?” <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>Jesus said to him: “You have seen him, and in fact, he is the one speaking with you.” <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>He said: “I do put faith in him, Lord.” And he did obeisance to him. <strong><sup>39 </sup></strong>Jesus then said: “For this judgment I came into this world, that those not seeing might see and those seeing might become blind.” <strong><sup>40 </sup></strong>Those of the Pharisees who were with him heard these things, and they said to him: “We are not blind also, are we?” <strong><sup>41 </sup></strong>Jesus said to them: “If you were blind, you would have no sin. But now you say, ‘We see.’ Your sin remains.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Mark 1:22)</strong></a> And they were astounded at his way of teaching, for he was teaching them as one having authority, and not as the scribes.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:12-18)</strong></a> But this man offered one sacrifice for sins for all time and sat down at the right hand of God, <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>from then on waiting until his enemies should be placed as a stool for his feet. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>For it is by one sacrificial offering that he has made those who are being sanctified perfect for all time. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Moreover, the holy spirit also bears witness to us, for after it has said: <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>“‘This is the covenant that I will make with them after those days,’ says Jehovah.* ‘I will put my laws in their hearts, and in their minds I will write them.’” <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Then it says: “And I will no longer call their sins and their lawless deeds to mind.” <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>Now where there is forgiveness of these, there is no longer an offering for sin.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(Matt. 27:62-66)</strong></a> The next day, which was after the Preparation, the chief priests and the Pharisees gathered together before Pilate, <strong><sup>63 </sup></strong>saying: “Sir, we recall what that impostor said while he was still alive, ‘After three days I am to be raised up.’ <strong><sup>64 </sup></strong>Therefore, command that the grave be made secure until the third day, so that his disciples may not come and steal him and say to the people, ‘He was raised up from the dead!’ Then this last deception will be worse than the first.” <strong><sup>65 </sup></strong>Pilate said to them: “You may have a guard. Go make it as secure as you know how.” <strong><sup>66 </sup></strong>So they went and made the grave secure by sealing the stone and posting a guard.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
