<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, March 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Friday, March 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class="themeScrp"><em>I have the desire to do what is fine but not the ability to carry it out.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 7:18</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">About 55 C.E., the Corinthians made an important decision. Learning of the needs of their brothers in Jerusalem and Judea, they resolved to donate to a combined effort to help them. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 16:1;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 2 Cor. 8:6</a>) A few months later, though, the apostle Paul learned that the Corinthians had not followed through. As a result, their gift would not likely be ready in time for it to be taken to Jerusalem along with the contributions from the other congregations. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Cor. 9:4, 5</a>) The Corinthians had made a good decision, and Paul commended them for their outstanding faith and their earnest desire to be generous. But he also had to encourage them to complete what they had started. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Cor. 8:7,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 10, 11</a>) Their experience teaches us that even faithful Christians may struggle to implement a good decision. Why? Because of imperfection, we may simply procrastinate. Or unforeseen events might make it impossible for us to follow through.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Eccl. 9:11</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>26-27 ¶3-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 7:18)</strong></a> For I know that in me, that is, in my flesh, there dwells nothing good; for I have the desire to do what is fine but not the ability to carry it out.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 16:1)</strong></a> Now concerning the collection for the holy ones, you may follow the directions I gave to the congregations of Ga·laʹti·a.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 8:6)</strong></a> So we encouraged Titus that, just as he had initiated this work among you, he should also complete this same kind giving on your part.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 9:4, 5)</strong></a> Otherwise, if the Mac·e·doʹni·ans should come with me and find you not ready, we—not to mention you—should be put to shame by our confidence in you. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>So I thought it necessary to encourage the brothers to come to you ahead of time and to get your promised bountiful gift ready in advance, so that this might be ready as a generous gift, and not as something extorted.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 8:7)</strong></a> Nevertheless, just as you abound in everything, in faith and word and knowledge and all earnestness and in our love for you, may you also abound in this kind giving.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 8:10, 11)</strong></a> And in this I give my opinion: This is for your benefit, seeing that already a year ago you not only initiated the action but also showed your desire to do it. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>So now, also complete what you started to do, so that your readiness to act may be completed according to the means you have available.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Eccl. 9:11)</strong></a> I have seen something further under the sun, that the swift do not always win the race, nor do the mighty win the battle, nor do the wise always have the food, nor do the intelligent always have the riches, nor do those with knowledge always have success, because time and unexpected events* overtake them all.</p><p></p><p>Or “unforeseen occurrence.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
