<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, March 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38">Saturday, March 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class="themeScrp"><em>They gathered them together to . . . Armageddon.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rev. 16:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">Why did Jehovah connect the final great war with Megiddo? Megiddo and the nearby Jezreel Valley were the sites of many battles. On occasion, Jehovah directly intervened in those battles. For example, “by the waters of Megiddo,” God helped Israelite Judge Barak defeat a Canaanite army led by a chief named Sisera. Barak and the prophetess Deborah thanked Jehovah for their miraculous victory. They sang: “From heaven the stars fought . . . against Sisera. . . . So let all your enemies perish, O Jehovah, but let those who love you be like the sun rising in its glory.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Judg. 5:19-21,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 31</a>) At Armageddon, God’s enemies will likewise perish, while those who love God will be saved. But there is one important difference between the two conflicts. At Armageddon, God’s people will not fight. They will not even be armed! Their “strength will be in keeping calm and showing trust” in Jehovah and his heavenly armies.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Isa. 30:15;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Rev. 19:11-15</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>9 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rev. 16:16)</strong></a> And they gathered them together to the place that is called in Hebrew Armageddon.*</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>Har Ma·ge·donʹ, </em>from a Hebrew term meaning “Mountain of Megiddo.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Judg. 5:19-21)</strong></a> Kings came, they fought; The kings of Caʹnaan then fought In Taʹa·nach, by the waters of Me·gidʹdo. No spoil of silver did they take. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>From heaven the stars fought; From their orbits they fought against Sisʹe·ra. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>The torrent* of Kiʹshon washed them away, The ancient torrent,* the torrent* of Kiʹshon. You trampled down the powerful, O my soul.*</p><p></p><p>Or “stream.”</p><p>Or “stream.”</p><p>Or “stream.”</p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Judg. 5:31)</strong></a> So let all your enemies perish, O Jehovah, But let those who love you be like the sun rising in its glory.” And the land had rest* for 40 years.</p><p></p><p>Or “peace.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 30:15)</strong></a> For this is what the Sovereign Lord Jehovah, the Holy One of Israel, says: “By returning to me and resting, you will be saved; Your strength will be in keeping calm and showing trust.” But you were unwilling.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rev. 19:11-15)</strong></a> I saw heaven opened, and look! a white horse. And the one seated on it is called Faithful and True, and he judges and carries on war in righteousness. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>His eyes are a fiery flame, and on his head are many diadems.* He has a name written that no one knows but he himself, <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>and he is clothed with an outer garment stained* with blood, and he is called by the name The Word of God. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>Also, the armies in heaven were following him on white horses, and they were clothed in white, clean, fine linen. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>And out of his mouth protrudes a sharp, long sword with which to strike the nations, and he will shepherd them with a rod of iron. Moreover, he treads the winepress of the fury of the wrath of God the Almighty.</p><p></p><p>Or “royal headbands.”</p><p>Or possibly, “sprinkled.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
