<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, March 31
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p100" data-pid="100">Wednesday, March 31</h2>
</header>
<p id="p101" data-pid="101" class="themeScrp"><em>Thoughtless speech is like the stabs of a sword, but the tongue of the wise is a healing.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 12:18</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p102" data-pid="102" class="p102">One reason why Job’s three false comforters lacked compassion for him is that they saw only the outward appearance of his situation. As a result, they jumped to wrong conclusions and judged Job harshly. How can we avoid making a similar mistake? Realize that only Jehovah knows all the facts about a person’s situation. Listen carefully to what the suffering person says. Do more than hear his words; try also to feel his pain. Only then will you be able to show genuine fellow feeling for your brother or sister. Compassion will hold us back from spreading harmful gossip about the problems others are facing. A gossiper does not build up the congregation; he tears it down. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 20:19;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Rom. 14:19</a>) He can injure a person who is already suffering. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Eph. 4:31, 32</a>) How much better it is when we look for a person’s good qualities and think about how we can help him or her deal with trials! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>21-22 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p103" data-pid="103" class="p103"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 12:18)</strong></a> Thoughtless speech is like the stabs of a sword, But the tongue of the wise is a healing.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 20:19)</strong></a> A slanderer goes about revealing confidential talk; Do not associate with one who loves to gossip.*</p><p></p><p>Or “who entices with his lips.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 14:19)</strong></a> So, then, let us pursue the things making for peace and the things that build one another up.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:31, 32)</strong></a> Put away from yourselves every kind of malicious bitterness, anger, wrath, screaming, and abusive speech, as well as everything injurious. <strong><sup>32 </sup></strong>But become kind to one another, tenderly compassionate, freely forgiving one another just as God also by Christ freely forgave you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
