<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, March 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Friday, March 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>You are the ones who have stuck with me in my trials.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 22:28</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">Throughout Jesus’ challenging ministry, the faithful apostles proved to be real friends to Jesus. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 18:24</a>) Jesus valued such friends. During his ministry, none of his fleshly brothers put faith in him. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">John 7:3-5</a>) At one point, his relatives even thought that he had gone mad. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Mark 3:21</a>) By contrast, Jesus could say the words of today’s text to the faithful apostles on the night before his death. The apostles occasionally disappointed Jesus, but he looked past their faults and saw that they had faith in him. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 26:40;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Mark 10:13, 14;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> John 6:66-69</a>) On the last night with them before he was executed, Jesus said to these loyal men: “I have called you friends, because I have made known to you all the things I have heard from my Father.” (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">John 15:15</a>) Without a doubt, Jesus’ friends were a great source of encouragement to him. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>11 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="closingContent"><p id="p83" data-pid="83" class="p83"><strong>Memorial Bible reading: (Daytime events: Nisan 12) </strong><span id="citationsource9"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">Luke 22:1-6;</a></strong><span id="citationsource10"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10"> Mark 14:1, 2,</a></strong><span id="citationsource11"></span><strong><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation11"> 10, 11</a></strong></p>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 22:28)</strong></a> “However, you are the ones who have stuck with me in my trials;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 18:24)</strong></a> There are companions ready to crush one another, But there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 7:3-5)</strong></a> So his brothers said to him: “Leave here and go into Ju·deʹa, so that your disciples may also see the works you are doing. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>For no one does anything in secret when he seeks to be known publicly. If you are doing these things, show yourself to the world.” <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>His brothers were, in fact, not exercising faith in him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Mark 3:21)</strong></a> But when his relatives heard about it, they went out to seize him, for they were saying: “He has gone out of his mind.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:40)</strong></a> He returned to the disciples and found them sleeping, and he said to Peter: “Could you not so much as keep on the watch for one hour with me?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Mark 10:13, 14)</strong></a> People now began bringing him young children for him to touch them, but the disciples reprimanded them. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>At seeing this, Jesus was indignant and said to them: “Let the young children come to me; do not try to stop them, for the Kingdom of God belongs to such ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(John 6:66-69)</strong></a> Because of this, many of his disciples went off to the things behind and would no longer walk with him. <strong><sup>67 </sup></strong>So Jesus said to the Twelve: “You do not want to go also, do you?” <strong><sup>68 </sup></strong>Simon Peter answered him: “Lord, whom shall we go away to? You have sayings of everlasting life. <strong><sup>69 </sup></strong>We have believed and have come to know that you are the Holy One of God.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(John 15:15)</strong></a> I no longer call you slaves, because a slave does not know what his master does. But I have called you friends, because I have made known to you all the things I have heard from my Father.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Luke 22:1-6)</strong></a> Now the Festival of the Unleavened Bread, which is called Passover, was getting near. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>And the chief priests and the scribes were looking for an effective way to get rid of him, because they were afraid of the people. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Then Satan entered into Judas, the one called Is·carʹi·ot, who was numbered among the Twelve, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>and he went off and talked with the chief priests and temple captains about how to betray him to them. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>They were delighted at this and agreed to give him silver money. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>So he consented and began looking for a good opportunity to betray him to them without a crowd around.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(Mark 14:1, 2)</strong></a> Now the Passover and the Festival of Unleavened Bread was two days later. And the chief priests and the scribes were looking for a way to seize* him by cunning* and kill him; <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>for they were saying: “Not at the festival; perhaps there might be an uproar of the people.”</p><p></p><p>Or “arrest.”</p><p>Or “deceit; craftiness.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation11"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource11">^ <strong>(Mark 14:10, 11)</strong></a> And Judas Is·carʹi·ot, one of the Twelve, went off to the chief priests in order to betray him to them. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>When they heard it, they were delighted and promised to give him silver money. So he began seeking an opportunity to betray him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
