<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, March 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021402"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Tuesday, March 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="themeScrp"><em>A slave of the Lord . . . needs to be gentle toward all, qualified to teach.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Tim. 2:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">Often, people respond well to our message, not because of what we say, but because of the way we say it. They appreciate it when we are kind, tactful, and genuinely interested in them. We do not force them to hear our point of view. Instead, we try to discern the reasons for their view of religion and to be sensitive to their feelings. For instance, when speaking with Jews, Paul reasoned from the Scriptures. However, when he spoke with Greek philosophers at the Areopagus, he made no direct reference to the Bible. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 17:2, 3,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 22-31</a>) How can we follow Paul’s example? If you meet a person who does not accept the Bible, it may be best not to make direct references to it when reasoning with him. If you sense that a person might be uncomfortable being seen reading the Bible with you, try showing him scriptures in a less obvious way, such as on an electronic device. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021402-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>21 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 2:24)</strong></a> For a slave of the Lord does not need to fight, but needs to be gentle* toward all, qualified to teach, showing restraint when wronged,</p><p></p><p>Or “tactful.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 17:2, 3)</strong></a> So according to Paul’s custom he went inside to them, and for three sabbaths he reasoned with them from the Scriptures, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>explaining and proving by references that it was necessary for the Christ to suffer and to rise from the dead, saying: “This is the Christ, this Jesus whom I am proclaiming to you.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 17:22-31)</strong></a> Paul now stood in the midst of the Ar·e·opʹa·gus and said: “Men of Athens, I see that in all things you seem to be more given to the fear of the deities* than others are. <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>For instance, while passing along and carefully observing your objects of veneration,* I found even an altar on which had been inscribed ‘To an Unknown God.’ Therefore, what you are unknowingly worshipping, this I am declaring to you. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>The God who made the world and all the things in it, being, as he is, Lord of heaven and earth, does not dwell in handmade temples; <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>nor is he served by human hands as if he needed anything, because he himself gives to all people life and breath and all things. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>And he made out of one man every nation of men to dwell on the entire surface of the earth, and he decreed the appointed times and the set limits of where men would dwell, <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>so that they would seek God, if they might grope for him and really find him, although, in fact, he is not far off from each one of us. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>For by* him we have life and move and exist, even as some of your own poets have said, ‘For we are also his children.’* <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>“Therefore, since we are the children* of God, we should not think that the Divine Being is like gold or silver or stone, like something sculptured by the art and design of humans. <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>True, God has overlooked the times of such ignorance; but now he is declaring to all people everywhere that they should repent. <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>Because he has set a day on which he purposes to judge the inhabited earth in righteousness by a man whom he has appointed, and he has provided a guarantee to all men by resurrecting him from the dead.”</p><p></p><p>Or “more religious.”</p><p>Or “worship.”</p><p>Or “because of.” Lit., “in.”</p><p>Or “progeny.”</p><p>Or “progeny.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
