<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, April 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38">Tuesday, April 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class="themeScrp"><em>A true friend shows love at all times and is a brother who is born for times of distress.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 17:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">When we do small acts of kindness to those who no longer have a marriage mate, we reassure them of our love. More than ever, they need good friends. How can you prove that you are their friend? You could invite them over for a simple meal. And you might offer to spend some time with them in recreation or in the field ministry. Another option would be to ask them occasionally to join you for family worship. If you do, you will make Jehovah happy, for he is “close to the brokenhearted” and is “a protector of widows.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 34:18;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 68:5</a>) Soon, when God’s Kingdom rules the earth, all “distresses will be forgotten.” How we look forward to the time when “the former things will not be called to mind, nor will they come up into the heart.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Isa. 65:16, 17</a>) Until that day, let us support one another and prove by both our speech and our actions that we love all in our spiritual family.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Pet. 3:8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>25 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 17:17)</strong></a> A true friend shows love at all times And is a brother who is born for times of distress.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 34:18)</strong></a> Jehovah is close to the brokenhearted; He saves those who are crushed in spirit.*</p><p></p><p>Or “are discouraged.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 68:5)</strong></a> A father of the fatherless and a protector* of widows Is God in his holy dwelling.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “judge.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 65:16, 17)</strong></a> So that anyone who seeks a blessing for himself in the earth Will be blessed by the God of truth,* And anyone who swears an oath in the earth Will swear by the God of truth.* For the former distresses* will be forgotten; They will be concealed from my eyes. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>For look! I am creating new heavens and a new earth; And the former things will not be called to mind,* Nor will they come up into the heart.</p><p></p><p>Or “faithfulness.” Lit., “Amen.”</p><p>Or “faithfulness.” Lit., “Amen.”</p><p>Or “troubles.”</p><p>Or “be remembered.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:8)</strong></a> Finally, all of you have unity of mind,* fellow feeling, brotherly affection, tender compassion, and humility.</p><p></p><p>Or “think in agreement.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
