<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, April 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Thursday, April 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="themeScrp"><em>My fellow workers . . . have become a source of great comfort to me.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 4:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">Tychicus stands out as a loyal Christian companion to the apostle Paul. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 20:4</a>) About 55 C.E., Paul organized the collection of relief funds for Judean Christians, and he may have let Tychicus help with this important assignment. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Cor. 8:18-20</a>) Later when Paul was imprisoned in Rome for the first time, Tychicus served as his personal messenger. He delivered Paul’s letters and messages of encouragement to the congregations in Asia. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Col. 4:7-9</a>) Tychicus remained Paul’s trustworthy friend. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Titus 3:12</a>) Not all Christians back then were as dependable as Tychicus. About 65 C.E., during his second imprisonment, Paul wrote that many Christian men in the province of Asia avoided associating with him, possibly because they were afraid of opposers. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">2 Tim. 1:15</a>) In contrast, Paul could rely on Tychicus and gave him yet another assignment. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">2 Tim. 4:12</a>) Paul surely appreciated having a good friend like Tychicus. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>10 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 4:11)</strong></a> and Jesus who is called Justus, who are of those circumcised. Only these are my fellow workers for the Kingdom of God, and they have become a source of great comfort* to me.</p><p></p><p>Or “a strengthening aid.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 20:4)</strong></a> He was accompanied by Sopʹa·ter the son of Pyrʹrhus of Be·roeʹa, Ar·is·tarʹchus and Se·cunʹdus of the Thes·sa·loʹni·ans, Gaʹius of Derʹbe, Timothy and, from the province of Asia, Tychʹi·cus and Trophʹi·mus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 8:18-20)</strong></a> But we are sending along with him the brother whose praise in connection with the good news has spread through all the congregations. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Not only that, but he was also appointed by the congregations to be our traveling companion as we administer this kind gift for the glory of the Lord and in proof of our readiness to assist. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>Thus we are avoiding having any man find fault with us in connection with this liberal contribution that we are administering.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Col. 4:7-9)</strong></a> Tychʹi·cus, my beloved brother and faithful minister and fellow slave in the Lord, will tell you all the news about me. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>I am sending him to you so that you will know how we are and that he may comfort your hearts. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>He is coming along with O·nesʹi·mus, my faithful and beloved brother, who is from among you; they will tell you all the things happening here.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Titus 3:12)</strong></a> When I send Arʹte·mas or Tychʹi·cus to you, do your utmost to come to me at Ni·copʹo·lis, for that is where I have decided to spend the winter.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 1:15)</strong></a> You know this, that all the men in the province of Asia have turned away from me, including Phy·gelʹus and Her·mogʹe·nes.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 4:12)</strong></a> But I have sent Tychʹi·cus off to Ephʹe·sus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
