<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, April 26
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p77" data-pid="77">Monday, April 26</h2>
</header>
<p id="p78" data-pid="78" class="themeScrp"><em>If any one of you is lacking in wisdom, let him keep asking God, for he gives generously to all.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jas. 1:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p79" data-pid="79" class="p79">Some important decisions we would never change. For example, we stick to our decision to serve Jehovah, and we are determined to be faithful to our marriage mate. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 16:24;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 19:6</a>) Other decisions, though, may need to be adjusted. Why? Because circumstances change. What steps can help us to make the best decisions possible? Pray for wisdom. In some respects, we are all “lacking in wisdom.” So rely on Jehovah both when making a decision and when reviewing that decision. Jehovah will then help you to make wise choices. Do thorough research. Consult God’s Word, read the publications of Jehovah’s organization, and talk to people whom you can trust. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Prov. 20:18</a>) Such research is vital before making a decision to change jobs, to move, or to choose appropriate education to help you support your ministry. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted26.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>27 ¶6-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:5)</strong></a> So if any one of you is lacking in wisdom, let him keep asking God, for he gives generously to all and without reproaching,* and it will be given him.</p><p></p><p>Or “finding fault.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 16:24)</strong></a> Then Jesus said to his disciples: “If anyone wants to come after me, let him disown himself and pick up his torture stake and keep following me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 19:6)</strong></a> So that they are no longer two, but one flesh. Therefore, what God has yoked together, let no man put apart.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Prov. 20:18)</strong></a> By consultation,* plans will succeed,* And by skillful direction* wage your war.</p><p></p><p>Or “counsel.”</p><p>Or “be made firm.”</p><p>Or “wise guidance.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
