<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, April 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Monday, April 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class="themeScrp"><em>I will show you the judgment on the great prostitute.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rev. 17:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">Babylon the Great, the world empire of false religion, has brought much reproach on God’s name. She has taught lies about God. She has prostituted herself spiritually by forming alliances with earth’s rulers. She has used her power and influence to exploit her flocks. And she has spilled much blood, including the blood of God’s servants. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rev. 18:24;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 19:2</a>) Jehovah will destroy “the great prostitute” by means of “the ten horns” of “a scarlet-colored wild beast.” That figurative wild beast represents the United Nations. The ten horns represent the current political powers supporting that organization. At God’s appointed time, those political powers will turn on symbolic Babylon. They “will make her devastated and naked” by plundering her wealth and exposing her wickedness. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rev. 17:3,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 16</a>) That swift destruction​—as if in one day—​will come as a shock to those who supported her, for she has long boasted: “I will never see mourning.”​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Rev. 18:7, 8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>10 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rev. 17:1)</strong></a> One of the seven angels who had the seven bowls came and said to me: “Come, I will show you the judgment on the great prostitute who sits on many waters,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 18:24)</strong></a> Yes, in her was found the blood of prophets and of holy ones and of all those who have been slaughtered on the earth.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 19:2)</strong></a> because his judgments are true and righteous. For he has executed judgment on the great prostitute who corrupted the earth with her sexual immorality,* and he has avenged the blood of his slaves that is on her hands.”*</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>por·neiʹa. </em>See Glossary.</p><p>Lit., “from her hand.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rev. 17:3)</strong></a> And he carried me away in the power of the spirit into a wilderness. And I saw a woman sitting on a scarlet-colored wild beast that was full of blasphemous names and that had seven heads and ten horns.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rev. 17:16)</strong></a> And the ten horns that you saw and the wild beast, these will hate the prostitute and will make her devastated and naked, and they will eat up her flesh and completely burn her with fire.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rev. 18:7, 8)</strong></a> To the extent that she glorified herself and lived in shameless luxury, to that extent give her torment and mourning. For she keeps saying in her heart: ‘I sit as queen, and I am not a widow, and I will never see mourning.’ <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>That is why in one day her plagues will come, death and mourning and famine, and she will be completely burned with fire, because Jehovah* God, who judged her, is strong.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
