<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, April 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Saturday, April 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class="themeScrp"><em>Husbands, continue loving your wives, just as the Christ also loved the congregation and gave himself up for it.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 5:25</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">In the family, a husband is to love his wife “as the Christ does the congregation.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 5:28, 29</a>) A husband must imitate the self-sacrificing love of Christ by putting his wife’s needs and interests ahead of his own. Some men may find it difficult to show such love, perhaps because they were not raised in an environment where treating others fairly and lovingly was valued. It may be difficult for them to unlearn bad habits, but they must make these changes in order to obey the law of the Christ. A husband who shows self-sacrificing love gains his wife’s respect. A father who truly loves his children would never abuse them by what he says or does. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eph. 4:31</a>) Instead, he expresses his love and approval in ways that make his children feel safe and secure. Such a father gains the love and trust of his children. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>6 ¶21</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:25)</strong></a> Husbands, continue loving your wives, just as the Christ also loved the congregation and gave himself up for it,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 5:28, 29)</strong></a> In the same way husbands should love their wives as their own bodies. A man who loves his wife loves himself, <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>for no man ever hated his own body,* but he feeds and cherishes it, just as the Christ does the congregation,</p><p></p><p>Lit., “flesh.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:31)</strong></a> Put away from yourselves every kind of malicious bitterness, anger, wrath, screaming, and abusive speech, as well as everything injurious.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
