<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, April 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Monday, April 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class="themeScrp"><em>I love Jehovah because he hears my voice, my pleas for help.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 116:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">One way to respond to Jehovah’s love is by talking to him in prayer. Your love for God will grow as you tell him about your concerns and thank him for all that he does for you. And the bond between you and Jehovah will be strengthened as you see how he answers your prayers. You will become convinced that he understands you. But to grow close to Jehovah, you need to understand his way of thinking. And you need to know what he wants from you. The only way you will gain that knowledge is by studying his Word, the Bible. So learn to appreciate it. Only the Bible contains the truth about Jehovah and his purpose for you. You show that you appreciate the Bible by reading it each day, by preparing for your personal Bible study session, and by applying what you learn. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 119:97,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 99;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> John 17:17</a>) Do you have a personal Bible reading schedule? Do you follow that schedule, making sure that you read the Bible each day? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.03 </em>5 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 116:1)</strong></a> I love Jehovah Because he hears* my voice, my pleas for help.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “I love because Jehovah hears.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:97)</strong></a> How I do love your law! I ponder over* it all day long.</p><p></p><p>Or “study.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:99)</strong></a> I have more insight than all my teachers, Because I ponder over* your reminders.</p><p></p><p>Or “study.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 17:17)</strong></a> Sanctify them by means of the truth; your word is truth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
