<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, April 22
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p65" data-pid="65">Thursday, April 22</h2>
</header>
<p id="p66" data-pid="66" class="themeScrp"><em>Know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Tim. 3:1</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p67" data-pid="67" class="p67">Were you born after the year 1914? If so, you have lived your entire life during “the last days” of the present system of things. All of us have heard about the events that Jesus foretold for this time. These include wars, food shortages, earthquakes, pestilences, an increasing of lawlessness, and the persecution of Jehovah’s people. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 24:3,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 7-9,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 12;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Luke 21:10-12</a>) We have also seen people behave in the way foretold by the apostle Paul. As worshippers of Jehovah, we are convinced that we are living during “the final part of the days.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Mic. 4:1</a>) Because so much time has passed since 1914, we must now be living in the last of “the last days.” Since the end is so near, we need to know the answers to some important questions: What events will occur at the end of “the last days”? And what does Jehovah expect us to do while we wait for those events? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted22.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>8 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:1)</strong></a> But know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:3)</strong></a> While he was sitting on the Mount of Olives, the disciples approached him privately, saying: “Tell us, when will these things be, and what will be the sign of your presence and of the conclusion of the system of things?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:7-9)</strong></a> “For nation will rise against nation and kingdom against kingdom, and there will be food shortages and earthquakes in one place after another. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>All these things are a beginning of pangs of distress. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>“Then people will hand you over to tribulation and will kill you, and you will be hated by all the nations on account of my name.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:12)</strong></a> and because of the increasing of lawlessness, the love of the greater number will grow cold.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Luke 21:10-12)</strong></a> Then he said to them: “Nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>There will be great earthquakes, and in one place after another food shortages and pestilences; and there will be fearful sights and from heaven great signs. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>“But before all these things happen, people will lay their hands on you and persecute you, handing you over to the synagogues and prisons. You will be brought before kings and governors for the sake of my name.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Mic. 4:1)</strong></a> In the final part of the days,* The mountain of the house of Jehovah Will become firmly established above the top of the mountains, And it will be raised up above the hills, And to it peoples will stream.</p><p></p><p>Or “In the last days.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
