<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, April 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23">Thursday, April 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class="themeScrp"><em>We have a struggle . . . against the wicked spirit forces in the heavenly places.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 6:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">One of the most heartwarming ways in which Jehovah shows his concern for us as his servants is by helping us to resist our enemies. Our main enemies are Satan and the demons. Jehovah warns us about these enemies, and he gives us what we need to resist them. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 6:10-13</a>) When we accept Jehovah’s help and rely on him completely, we can succeed in opposing the Devil. We can have the same kind of confidence that the apostle Paul had. He wrote: “If God is for us, who will be against us?” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 8:31</a>) As true Christians, we are not fascinated with Satan and the demons. We focus most of our attention on learning about Jehovah and serving him. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 25:5</a>) However, we do need to know the basic ways that Satan operates. Why? So that we can avoid being outwitted by him.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Cor. 2:11</a>; ftn. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>20 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:12)</strong></a> because we have a struggle,* not against blood and flesh, but against the governments, against the authorities, against the world rulers of this darkness, against the wicked spirit forces in the heavenly places.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “wrestling.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:10-13)</strong></a> Finally, go on acquiring power in the Lord and in the mightiness of his strength. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>Put on the complete suit of armor from God so that you may be able to stand firm against the crafty acts* of the Devil; <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>because we have a struggle,* not against blood and flesh, but against the governments, against the authorities, against the world rulers of this darkness, against the wicked spirit forces in the heavenly places. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>For this reason take up the complete suit of armor from God, so that you may be able to resist in the wicked day and, after you have accomplished everything, to stand firm.</p><p></p><p>Or “the schemes.”</p><p>Lit., “wrestling.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:31)</strong></a> What, then, are we to say about these things? If God is for us, who will be* against us?</p><p></p><p>Or “can be; is.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 25:5)</strong></a> Cause me to walk in your truth and teach me, For you are my God of salvation. In you I hope all day long.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 2:11)</strong></a> so that we may not be overreached by Satan, for we are not ignorant of his designs.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
