<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, April 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Tuesday, April 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>He began to reason . . . with those who happened to be on hand.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 17:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">If you are unable to do much walking, you might be able to sit in a public area where you can preach to passersby. Or you might be able to witness informally, write letters, or do telephone witnessing. Many publishers with severe limitations experience much joy and satisfaction in these other avenues of the preaching work. Despite health limitations, you can accomplish your ministry fully. Paul said: “For all things I have the strength through the one who gives me power.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Phil. 4:13</a>) Paul needed that power when he got sick on one of his missionary trips. He explained to the Galatians: “It was because of a physical illness that I had my first opportunity to declare the good news to you.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gal. 4:13</a>) Similarly, your health limitations may give you opportunities to declare the good news to others, such as to doctors, nurses, and health-care providers. Many of these people are at work when publishers may be calling at their homes. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>4-5 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 17:17)</strong></a> So he began to reason in the synagogue with the Jews and the other people who worshipped God and every day in the marketplace with those who happened to be on hand.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:13)</strong></a> For all things I have the strength through the one who gives me power.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gal. 4:13)</strong></a> But you know that it was because of a physical illness that I had my first opportunity to declare the good news to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
