<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, April 15
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p44" data-pid="44">Thursday, April 15</h2>
</header>
<p id="p45" data-pid="45" class="themeScrp"><em>We are </em>[<em>not</em>] <em>the masters over your faith, but we are fellow workers for your joy, for it is by your faith that you are standing.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Cor. 1:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p46" data-pid="46" class="p46">Jehovah has not given us authority to make personal decisions for others. Someone who makes needless rules is not protecting his brother’s safety​—he is trying to become the master of his brother’s faith. Satan the Devil will not stop trying to persecute Jehovah’s faithful servants. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Pet. 5:8;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Rev. 2:10</a>) Satan and his agents will try to ban our worship of Jehovah. However, there is no reason for us to be paralyzed by fear! (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Deut. 7:21</a>) Jehovah is on our side, and he will continue to support us even if our work is banned. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Chron. 32:7, 8</a>) May we have the same resolve as did our first-century brothers, who told the rulers of their day: “Whether it is right in the sight of God to listen to you rather than to God, judge for yourselves. But as for us, we cannot stop speaking about the things we have seen and heard.”​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Acts 4:19, 20</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted15.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>13 ¶18-20</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 1:24)</strong></a> Not that we are the masters over your faith, but we are fellow workers for your joy, for it is by your faith that you are standing.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:8)</strong></a> Keep your senses, be watchful! Your adversary, the Devil, walks about like a roaring lion, seeking to devour someone.*</p><p></p><p>Or “looking for someone to devour.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 2:10)</strong></a> Do not be afraid of the things you are about to suffer. Look! The Devil will keep on throwing some of you into prison so that you may be fully put to the test, and you will have tribulation for ten days. Prove yourself faithful even to death, and I will give you the crown of life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Deut. 7:21)</strong></a> Do not be struck with terror because of them, for Jehovah your God is with you, a great and awe-inspiring God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Chron. 32:7, 8)</strong></a> “Be courageous and strong. Do not be afraid or be terrified because of the king of As·syrʹi·a and all the multitude with him, for there are more with us than there are with him. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>With him is an arm of flesh,* but with us is Jehovah our God to help us and to fight our battles.” And the people were strengthened by the words of King Hez·e·kiʹah of Judah.</p><p></p><p>Or “is human strength.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Acts 4:19, 20)</strong></a> But in reply Peter and John said to them: “Whether it is right in the sight of God to listen to you rather than to God, judge for yourselves. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>But as for us, we cannot stop speaking about the things we have seen and heard.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
