<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, April 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Friday, April 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>Happy and holy is anyone having part in the first resurrection.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rev. 20:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">Someone who has been anointed may feel unworthy of this precious privilege. But he does not for one minute doubt that Jehovah has chosen him. His heart bursts with joy and appreciation when he thinks of his future prospects. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Pet. 1:3, 4</a>) So does this mean that anointed ones want to die? The apostle Paul answers that question. He compared their human body to a tent and said: “In fact, we who are in this tent groan, being weighed down, because we do not want to put this one off, but we want to put the other on, so that what is mortal may be swallowed up by life.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Cor. 5:4</a>) These Christians have not lost interest in this life, wanting it to end quickly. On the contrary, they enjoy life and want to use each day to serve Jehovah with their family and friends. Yet, no matter what they are doing, they always remember the glorious hope that they have for the future.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 15:53;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 2 Pet. 1:4;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 1 John 3:2, 3</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>23 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rev. 20:6)</strong></a> Happy and holy is anyone having part in the first resurrection; over these the second death has no authority, but they will be priests of God and of the Christ, and they will rule as kings with him for the 1,000 years.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 1:3, 4)</strong></a> Praised be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, for according to his great mercy he gave us a new birth to a living hope through the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>to an incorruptible and undefiled and unfading inheritance. It is reserved in the heavens for you,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 5:4)</strong></a> In fact, we who are in this tent groan, being weighed down, because we do not want to put this one off, but we want to put the other on, so that what is mortal may be swallowed up by life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:53)</strong></a> For this which is corruptible must put on incorruption, and this which is mortal must put on immortality.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 1:4)</strong></a> Through these things he has granted* us the precious and very grand promises, so that through these you may become sharers in divine nature, having escaped from the world’s corruption produced by wrong desire.*</p><p></p><p>Or “freely given.”</p><p>Or “by lust.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 John 3:2, 3)</strong></a> Beloved ones, we are now children of God, but it has not yet been made manifest what we will be. We do know that when he is made manifest we will be like him, because we will see him just as he is. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>And everyone who has this hope in him purifies himself, just as that one is pure.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
