<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, April 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Sunday, April 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class="themeScrp"><em>Two are better than one.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eccl. 4:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">If you are in a new assignment, you need to make new friends. Remember that to have a friend, you need to be a friend. Share the rich experiences Jehovah has given you, and let others sense your joy in Jehovah’s service. If you had to leave your assignment because of your mate’s health, do not blame him or her. On the other hand, if you yourself had health problems, do not feel guilty, thinking that you let your mate down. Remember, you are “one flesh,” and you promised before Jehovah to care for each other under all circumstances. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 19:5, 6</a>) If you left an assignment because of an unplanned pregnancy, make sure your child knows that he is more important to you than your assignment was. Reassure your child that you view him as “a reward” from God. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 127:3-5</a>) Also, tell him about the rewarding experiences you had in your assignment. Doing so can motivate your child to use his life in Jehovah’s joyful service just as you have done. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>22 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eccl. 4:9)</strong></a> Two are better than one because they have a good reward* for their hard work.</p><p></p><p>Or “greater benefit.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 19:5, 6)</strong></a> and said: ‘For this reason a man will leave his father and his mother and will stick to his wife, and the two will be one flesh’? <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>So that they are no longer two, but one flesh. Therefore, what God has yoked together, let no man put apart.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 127:3-5)</strong></a> Look! Sons* are an inheritance from Jehovah; The fruit of the womb is a reward.  <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Like arrows in the hand of a mighty man, So are the sons of one’s youth.  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>Happy is the man who fills his quiver with them. They will not be put to shame, For they will speak with enemies in the city gate.</p><p></p><p>Or “Children.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
