<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, April 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Sunday, April 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah God will give him the throne of David his father, and he will rule as King over the house of Jacob forever.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Luke 1:32, 33</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">What did those words of Gabriel mean to Mary? Did she take Gabriel’s words to mean that Jesus would replace King Herod​—or one of his successors as the ruler in Israel? If Jesus did become king, Mary would be the queen mother, and her family would live in the royal palace. Yet, never do we read that Mary asked for a position of favor in the Kingdom. Mary was an extremely humble woman! Let us remember that our ultimate goal in studying God’s Word and our Christian publications is to draw closer to Jehovah. We also want to see more clearly “what sort of person” we are and what changes we need to make in order to please God. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jas. 1:22-25;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 4:8</a>) At the beginning of each study period, then, we should ask Jehovah for his spirit. We should beg him to help us to benefit fully from the material and to see ourselves as he sees us. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>31 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Luke 1:32, 33)</strong></a> This one will be great and will be called Son of the Most High, and Jehovah God will give him the throne of David his father, <strong><sup>33 </sup></strong>and he will rule as King over the house of Jacob forever, and there will be no end to his Kingdom.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:22-25)</strong></a> However, become doers of the word and not hearers only, deceiving yourselves with false reasoning. <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>For if anyone is a hearer of the word and not a doer, this one is like a man looking at his own face* in a mirror. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>For he looks at himself, and he goes away and immediately forgets what sort of person he is. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>But the one who peers into the perfect law that belongs to freedom and continues in it has become, not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the work; and he will be happy in what he does.</p><p></p><p>Or “his natural face.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jas. 4:8)</strong></a> Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners, and purify your hearts, you indecisive ones.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
