<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, April 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Tuesday, April 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>Take my yoke upon you and learn from me.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 11:29</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">That invitation is open to all​—Jesus will never reject anyone who sincerely wants to serve God. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 6:37, 38</a>) All of Christ’s followers have been given the privilege of sharing in the work that Jehovah has asked Jesus to do. We can be certain that Jesus will always be there to help us do that work. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 28:18-20</a>) Humble people were drawn to Jesus. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 19:13, 14;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Luke 7:37, 38</a>) Why? Consider the contrast between Jesus and the Pharisees. Those religious leaders were cold and arrogant. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Matt. 12:9-14</a>) Jesus was warm and humble. The Pharisees were ambitious and proud of their high position in society. Jesus discouraged undue ambition, and he taught his disciples to view themselves as lowly servants. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Matt. 23:2,</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> 6-11</a>) The Pharisees dominated others through fear and intimidation. (<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">John 9:13,</a><span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10"> 22</a>) Jesus refreshed others by loving acts and kind words. Have you learned these lessons from Jesus? <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>20 ¶1;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation2"> 21 ¶7-8;</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation3"> 23 ¶9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 11:29)</strong></a> Take my yoke upon you and learn from me,* for I am mild-tempered and lowly in heart, and you will find refreshment for yourselves.</p><p></p><p>Or “become my disciples (learners).”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 6:37, 38)</strong></a> All those whom the Father gives me will come to me, and I will never drive away the one who comes to me; <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>for I have come down from heaven to do, not my own will, but the will of him who sent me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:18-20)</strong></a> Jesus approached and spoke to them, saying: “All authority has been given me in heaven and on the earth. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit, <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you. And look! I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 19:13, 14)</strong></a> Then young children were brought to him for him to place his hands on them and offer prayer, but the disciples reprimanded them. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>Jesus, however, said: “Let the young children alone, and do not try to stop them from coming to me, for the Kingdom of the heavens belongs to such ones.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Luke 7:37, 38)</strong></a> And look! a woman who was known in the city to be a sinner learned that he was dining* in the house of the Pharisee, and she brought an alabaster jar of perfumed oil. <strong><sup>38 </sup></strong>Taking a position behind him at his feet, she wept and began to wet his feet with her tears, and she wiped them off with the hair of her head. Also, she tenderly kissed his feet and poured the perfumed oil on them.</p><p></p><p>Or “reclining at the table.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Matt. 12:9-14)</strong></a> After departing from that place, he went into their synagogue, <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>and look! there was a man with a withered* hand! So they asked him, “Is it lawful to cure on the Sabbath?” so that they might accuse him. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>He said to them: “If you have one sheep and that sheep falls into a pit on the Sabbath, is there a man among you who will not grab hold of it and lift it out? <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>How much more valuable is a man than a sheep! So it is lawful to do a fine thing on the Sabbath.” <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Then he said to the man: “Stretch out your hand.” And he stretched it out, and it was restored sound like the other hand. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>But the Pharisees went out and conspired against him to kill him.</p><p></p><p>Or “paralyzed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Matt. 23:2)</strong></a> “The scribes and the Pharisees have seated themselves in the seat of Moses.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Matt. 23:6-11)</strong></a> They like the most prominent place at evening meals and the front seats in the synagogues <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>and the greetings in the marketplaces and to be called Rabbi by men. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>But you, do not you be called Rabbi, for one is your Teacher, and all of you are brothers. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Moreover, do not call anyone your father on earth, for one is your Father, the heavenly One. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Neither be called leaders, for your Leader is one, the Christ. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>But the greatest one among you must be your minister.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(John 9:13)</strong></a> They led the formerly blind man to the Pharisees.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(John 9:22)</strong></a> His parents said these things because they were in fear of the Jews, for the Jews had already come to an agreement that if anyone acknowledged him as Christ, that person should be expelled from the synagogue.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
