<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, April 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021403"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Saturday, April 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="themeScrp"><em>God recommends his own love to us in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 5:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">How much should we love God? Jesus told a Pharisee: “You must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 22:36, 37</a>) We do not want our love for God to be half-hearted. Rather, we want our love for him to grow stronger each day. We need to know God in order to love him. The Bible says: “Whoever does not love has not come to know God, because God is love.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 John 4:8</a>) The apostle Paul indicated that our love for God would grow stronger as we gain “accurate knowledge and full discernment” of Him. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Phil. 1:9</a>) When we first studied the Bible, we developed love for God based on a limited knowledge of his wonderful qualities. Then the more we learned about Jehovah, the stronger our love for him became. No wonder we view regular Bible study and meditation on God’s Word as being among the most important things in our life!​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Phil. 2:16</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021403-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>9 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 5:8)</strong></a> But God recommends his own love to us* in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.</p><p></p><p>Or “demonstrates (shows) his own love for us.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 22:36, 37)</strong></a> “Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the Law?” <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>He said to him: “‘You must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 John 4:8)</strong></a> Whoever does not love has not come to know God, because God is love.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Phil. 1:9)</strong></a> And this is what I continue praying, that your love may abound still more and more with accurate knowledge and full discernment;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:16)</strong></a> keeping a tight grip on the word of life. Then I may have reason for rejoicing in Christ’s day, knowing that I did not run in vain or work hard in vain.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
