<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, May 9
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p26" data-pid="26">Sunday, May 9</h2>
</header>
<p id="p27" data-pid="27" class="themeScrp"><em>A righteous man’s supplication has a powerful effect.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jas. 5:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p28" data-pid="28" class="p28">A person who is very low in spirit may feel unworthy to approach Jehovah in prayer. If we want to comfort such a person, we may offer a prayer with that one, using his or her name. We may express to Jehovah how dear the downhearted one is to us and to the congregation. We may ask Jehovah to soothe and comfort that precious sheep of his. Prayers of that kind can be profoundly comforting. Think before you speak. Thoughtless words can hurt. Kind words can heal. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 12:18</a>) So pray to Jehovah for help to find kind, comforting, soothing words. Keep in mind that no words are more powerful than Jehovah’s own expressions contained in the Bible. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Heb. 4:12</a>) When we comfort others, we remind them of Jehovah’s love. And we must never forget that Jehovah is also a God of justice. No wicked act of abuse is really hidden. Jehovah sees all, and he will not let unrepentant wrongdoers go unpunished.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Num. 14:18</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>18 ¶18;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation2"> 19 ¶19,</a><span id="pcitationsource3"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted9.xhtml#pcitation3"> 21</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jas. 5:16)</strong></a> Therefore, openly confess your sins to one another and pray for one another, so that you may be healed. A righteous man’s supplication has a powerful effect.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “has much force when it is at work.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 12:18)</strong></a> Thoughtless speech is like the stabs of a sword, But the tongue of the wise is a healing.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 4:12)</strong></a> For the word of God is alive and exerts power and is sharper than any two-edged sword and pierces even to the dividing of soul* and spirit,* and of joints from the marrow, and is able to discern thoughts and intentions of the heart.</p><p></p><p>See Glossary.</p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Num. 14:18)</strong></a> ‘Jehovah, slow to anger and abundant in loyal love,* pardoning error and transgression, but he will by no means leave the guilty unpunished, bringing punishment for the error of fathers upon sons, upon the third generation and upon the fourth generation.’</p><p></p><p>Or “loving-kindness.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
