<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, May 29
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p86" data-pid="86">Saturday, May 29</h2>
</header>
<p id="p87" data-pid="87" class="themeScrp"><em>There is a friend who sticks closer than a brother.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 18:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p88" data-pid="88" class="p88">Be a trustworthy friend. For example, we not only promise to help our brothers and sisters in need but also do practical things to assist them. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 5:37;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Luke 16:10</a>) When those who need help know that they can depend on us, they are genuinely comforted. One sister explains why. She says, “You do not have the added stress of wondering whether the person who offered to help will be there on time to do what he promised.” Those coping with a trial or disappointment often find comfort by confiding in a trusted friend. But to be a trusted friend and confidant, we need to cultivate patience. When Zhanna’s husband left her, she found comfort in sharing her feelings with close friends. “They patiently listened to me,” she says, “although I probably said the same things over and over again.” You too can prove to be a good friend by being a good listener. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted29.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>10-11 ¶9-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 18:24)</strong></a> There are companions ready to crush one another, But there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:37)</strong></a> Just let your word ‘Yes’ mean yes, your ‘No,’ no, for what goes beyond these is from the wicked one.*</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “from what is wicked.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 16:10)</strong></a> The person faithful in what is least is faithful also in much, and the person unrighteous in what is least is unrighteous also in much.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
