<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, May 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Wednesday, May 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class="themeScrp"><em>Be in subjection to the older men. . . . Clothe yourselves with humility toward one another, because God opposes the haughty ones.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 5:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">Avoid being presumptuous. If we heed the direction we receive from trusted, responsible brothers, we will avoid problems. For example, in a land where the work is under ban, the responsible brothers had directed that the publishers not leave printed literature in the ministry. Yet, a pioneer brother in that location felt that he knew better and distributed literature. What was the result? Shortly after he and some others finished a period of informal witnessing, they were questioned by the police. Apparently, officials had followed them and were able to retrieve the literature they had distributed. What do we learn from this experience? We need to follow direction even if we feel that we know better. Jehovah always blesses us when we cooperate with the brothers whom he has appointed to take the lead among us.​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 13:7,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 17</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>12 ¶17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:5)</strong></a> In the same way, you younger men, be in subjection to the older men.* But all of you clothe* yourselves with humility* toward one another, because God opposes the haughty ones, but he gives undeserved kindness to the humble ones.</p><p></p><p>Or “the elders.”</p><p>Or “gird.”</p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:7)</strong></a> Remember those who are taking the lead among you, who have spoken the word of God to you, and as you contemplate how their conduct turns out, imitate their faith.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:17)</strong></a> Be obedient to those who are taking the lead among you and be submissive, for they are keeping watch over you* as those who will render an account, so that they may do this with joy and not with sighing, for this would be damaging to you.</p><p></p><p>Or “your souls.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
