<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, May 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Sunday, May 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>I am fleshly, sold under sin.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 7:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">We see proof of Jehovah’s love for us in the way he responded to the problems that first arose within his earthly family. When Adam disobeyed his heavenly Father, he lost his place in Jehovah’s happy family, both for himself and for his descendants. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 5:12</a>) Jehovah, however, stepped in to help. Jehovah punished Adam, but he did not leave Adam’s unborn offspring without hope. He immediately promised that obedient humans would be brought back into his family. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 3:15;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Rom. 8:20, 21</a>) Jehovah arranged for this on the basis of the ransom sacrifice of his beloved Son, Jesus. By giving his Son in our behalf, Jehovah proved how dearly he loves us. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">John 3:16</a>) He is the ideal Father. He hears our prayers and provides what we need, both materially and spiritually. He trains and supports us. He also has wonderful blessings in store for us. It warms our heart to know that our Father loves and cares for us! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>6 ¶16-17;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation2"> 7 ¶20</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 7:14)</strong></a> For we know that the Law is spiritual, but I am fleshly, sold under sin.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 5:12)</strong></a> That is why, just as through one man sin entered into the world and death through sin, and so death spread to all men because they had all sinned—.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:15)</strong></a> And I will put enmity* between you and the woman and between your offspring* and her offspring.* He will crush* your head, and you will strike* him in the heel.”</p><p></p><p>Or “hostility.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p><p>Or “bruise; strike.”</p><p>Or “bruise; crush.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:20, 21)</strong></a> For the creation was subjected to futility, not by its own will, but through the one who subjected it, on the basis of hope <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>that* the creation itself will also be set free from enslavement to corruption and have the glorious freedom of the children of God.</p><p></p><p>Or “because.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 3:16)</strong></a> “For God loved the world so much that he gave his only-begotten Son, so that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
