<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, May 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Monday, May 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class="themeScrp"><em>Look out that no one takes you captive by means of the philosophy and empty deception according to human tradition.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Col. 2:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">Satan wants to turn us against Jehovah. To achieve his goal, he tries to influence our thinking, in effect, to bring our mind into captivity and make it obedient to him. He tries to persuade or to deceive us into following him by appealing to our desires. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Col. 2:4</a>) Are we really in serious danger of being misled by Satan? Yes, we are! Remember, Paul did not write the warning recorded at <span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Colossians 2:8</a> to unbelievers. He wrote it to Christians who had been anointed with holy spirit. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Col. 1:2,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 5</a>) Those Christians were in danger back then, and we are in even greater danger today. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">1 Cor. 10:12</a>) Why? Satan has been confined to the vicinity of the earth, and he is focused on misleading God’s loyal servants. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Rev. 12:9,</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> 12,</a><span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9"> 17</a>) In addition, we are living during a time when wicked men and impostors are advancing “from bad to worse.”​—<span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10">2 Tim. 3:1,</a><span id="citationsource11"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation11"> 13</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>2 ¶1-2</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Col. 2:8)</strong></a> Look out that no one takes you captive* by means of the philosophy and empty deception according to human tradition, according to the elementary things of the world and not according to Christ;</p><p></p><p>Or “carries you off as his prey.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Col. 2:4)</strong></a> I am saying this so that no one may delude you with persuasive arguments.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Col. 2:8)</strong></a> Look out that no one takes you captive* by means of the philosophy and empty deception according to human tradition, according to the elementary things of the world and not according to Christ;</p><p></p><p>Or “carries you off as his prey.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Col. 1:2)</strong></a> to the holy ones and faithful brothers in union with Christ at Co·losʹsae: May you have undeserved kindness and peace from God our Father.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Col. 1:5)</strong></a> because of the hope that is being reserved for you in the heavens. You previously heard about this hope through the message of truth of the good news</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 10:12)</strong></a> So let the one who thinks he is standing beware that he does not fall.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Rev. 12:9)</strong></a> So down the great dragon was hurled, the original serpent, the one called Devil and Satan, who is misleading the entire inhabited earth; he was hurled down to the earth, and his angels were hurled down with him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Rev. 12:12)</strong></a> On this account be glad, you heavens and you who reside in them! Woe for the earth and for the sea, because the Devil has come down to you, having great anger, knowing that he has a short period of time.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Rev. 12:17)</strong></a> So the dragon became enraged at the woman and went off to wage war with the remaining ones of her offspring,* who observe the commandments of God and have the work of bearing witness concerning Jesus.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:1)</strong></a> But know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation11"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource11">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:13)</strong></a> But wicked men and impostors will advance from bad to worse, misleading and being misled.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
