<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, May 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47">Sunday, May 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class="themeScrp"><em>If this is how God loved us, then we are also under obligation to love one another.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 John 4:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">God’s great love for us will move us to love our brothers. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 John 4:20, 21</a>) We might think that love for our brothers and sisters will come naturally. After all, we worship Jehovah and strive to imitate his fine qualities. We follow the example of Jesus, whose love was so great that he gave his life in our behalf. Yet, we may at times find it difficult to obey the commandment to love one another. Euodia and Syntyche were zealous sisters who had served “side by side” with the apostle Paul. Yet, they had perhaps allowed personal differences to cause a rift between them. In his letter to the congregation where those sisters served, Paul specifically named Euodia and Syntyche and gave them pointed admonition “to be of the same mind.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Phil. 4:2, 3</a>) Paul felt compelled to instruct the entire congregation: “Keep doing all things free from murmuring and arguments.”​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Phil. 2:14</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>9 ¶6-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 John 4:11)</strong></a> Beloved ones, if this is how God loved us, then we are also under obligation to love one another.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 John 4:20, 21)</strong></a> If anyone says, “I love God,” and yet is hating his brother, he is a liar. For the one who does not love his brother, whom he has seen, cannot love God, whom he has not seen. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>And we have this commandment from him, that whoever loves God must also love his brother.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:2, 3)</strong></a> I urge Eu·oʹdi·a and I urge Synʹty·che to be of the same mind in the Lord. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Yes, I request you also, as a true fellow worker,* to keep assisting these women who have striven* side by side with me for the good news, along with Clement as well as the rest of my fellow workers, whose names are in the book of life.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “genuine yokefellow.”</p><p>Or “who have struggled hard.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:14)</strong></a> Keep doing all things free from murmuring and arguments,</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
