<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, May 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Tuesday, May 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah examines the motives.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 16:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">When making decisions, analyze your motives. Jehovah wants us to be honest in all things. So when we make decisions, we too want to be honest with ourselves and with others about our motives. If we were not completely honest, we would likely have difficulty sticking to the decision. For example, a young brother may decide to become a regular pioneer. After some time, however, he struggles to fulfill the hour requirement and he finds little joy in his ministry. He may have thought that his main motive for pioneering was his desire to please Jehovah. Could it be, though, that he was primarily motivated by a desire to please his parents or some person he admired? Consider the situation of a Bible student who decides to give up smoking. At first, he struggles, doing well for a week or two, but then he gives in to the urge to smoke. Finally, though, he is successful! His love for Jehovah and his desire to please Him have helped him to conquer the habit.​—<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Col. 1:10;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 3:23</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>27 ¶9;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation2"> 29 ¶10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 16:2)</strong></a> All of a man’s ways seem right* to him, But Jehovah examines the motives.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “pure.”</p><p>Lit., “spirits.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Col. 1:10)</strong></a> so as to walk worthily of Jehovah* in order to please him fully as you go on bearing fruit in every good work and increasing in the accurate knowledge of God;</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Col. 3:23)</strong></a> Whatever you are doing, work at it whole-souled* as for Jehovah,* and not for men,</p><p></p><p>See Glossary, “Soul.”</p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
