<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, May 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Tuesday, May 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class="themeScrp"><em>If anyone wants to come after me, let him disown himself.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 16:24</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">When you make a dedication, you approach Jehovah in earnest prayer and tell him that you will use your life to serve him forever. When you dedicate yourself to God, you “disown” yourself. You now belong to Jehovah, which is a great privilege. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 14:8</a>) You are telling him that from now on, you will be focused on serving him and not on pleasing yourself. Your dedication is a vow​—a solemn promise made to God. Jehovah does not force us to make such a vow. But when we do, he expects us to fulfill it. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 116:12,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 14</a>) Your dedication is personal and private; it is between you and Jehovah. Baptism is public; it takes place in front of others, usually at an assembly or a convention. When you get baptized, you show others that you have already dedicated yourself to Jehovah. So your baptism lets others know that you love Jehovah your God with your whole heart, soul, mind, and strength and that you are determined to serve him forever.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Mark 12:30</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.03 </em>9 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 16:24)</strong></a> Then Jesus said to his disciples: “If anyone wants to come after me, let him disown himself and pick up his torture stake and keep following me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 14:8)</strong></a> For if we live, we live to Jehovah, and if we die, we die to Jehovah. So both if we live and if we die, we belong to Jehovah.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 116:12)</strong></a> With what will I repay Jehovah For all the good he has done for me?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 116:14)</strong></a> I will pay my vows to Jehovah In the presence of all his people.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Mark 12:30)</strong></a> and you must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind and with your whole strength.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
