<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, May 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Tuesday, May 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class="themeScrp"><em>I </em>[<em>will</em>] <em>sanctify myself through you before their eyes, O Gog.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ezek. 38:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">Gog will trust in his “arm of flesh”​—his military might. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">2 Chron. 32:8</a>) We will trust in Jehovah our God​—a stand that will seem foolish to the nations. After all, the gods of the once powerful Babylon the Great did not save her from “the wild beast” and its “ten horns”! (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rev. 17:16</a>) So Gog will expect an easy victory. “Like clouds covering the land,” he will attack Jehovah’s people. But Gog will soon see that he has marched into a trap. Like Pharaoh at the Red Sea, Gog will learn that he is fighting against Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ex. 14:1-4;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Ezek. 38:3, 4,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 18,</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 21-23</a>) Christ and his heavenly armies will defend God’s people and crush Gog’s hordes. (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Rev. 19:11,</a><span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9"> 14, 15</a>) But what about Jehovah’s chief enemy, Satan, whose lying propaganda led the nations to Armageddon? Jesus will hurl him and his demons into an abyss, where they will be locked away for a thousand years.​—<span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10">Rev. 20:1-3</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>11-12 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ezek. 38:16)</strong></a> Like clouds covering the land, you will come against my people Israel. In the final part of the days I will bring you against my land so that the nations may know me when I sanctify myself through you before their eyes, O Gog.”’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(2 Chron. 32:8)</strong></a> With him is an arm of flesh,* but with us is Jehovah our God to help us and to fight our battles.” And the people were strengthened by the words of King Hez·e·kiʹah of Judah.</p><p></p><p>Or “is human strength.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 17:16)</strong></a> And the ten horns that you saw and the wild beast, these will hate the prostitute and will make her devastated and naked, and they will eat up her flesh and completely burn her with fire.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ex. 14:1-4)</strong></a> Jehovah now said to Moses: <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>“Tell the Israelites that they should turn back and encamp before Pi·ha·hiʹroth, between Migʹdol and the sea, within view of Baʹal-zeʹphon. You are to encamp facing it by the sea. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Then Pharʹaoh will say about the Israelites, ‘They are wandering in confusion in the land. The wilderness has closed in on them.’ <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>I will allow Pharʹaoh’s heart to become obstinate, and he will chase after them, and I will glorify myself by means of Pharʹaoh and all his army; and the Egyptians will certainly know that I am Jehovah.” So that is what they did.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ezek. 38:3, 4)</strong></a> Say, ‘This is what the Sovereign Lord Jehovah says: “Here I am against you, O Gog, head chieftain* of Meʹshech and Tuʹbal. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>I will turn you around and put hooks in your jaws and bring you out with all your army, horses and horsemen, all of them clothed in splendor, a vast assembly with large shields and bucklers,* all of them wielding swords;</p><p></p><p>Or “chief prince.”</p><p>A small shield, often carried by archers.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ezek. 38:18)</strong></a> “‘On that day, the day when Gog invades the land of Israel,’ declares the Sovereign Lord Jehovah, ‘my great rage will flare up.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Ezek. 38:21-23)</strong></a> “‘I will call for a sword against him on all my mountains,’ declares the Sovereign Lord Jehovah. ‘Every man’s sword will be against his own brother. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>I will bring my judgment against him* with pestilence and bloodshed; and I will rain down a torrential downpour and hailstones and fire and sulfur on him and on his troops and on the many peoples with him. <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>And I will certainly magnify myself and sanctify myself and make myself known before the eyes of many nations; and they will have to know that I am Jehovah.’</p><p></p><p>Or “I will bring myself into judgment with him.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Rev. 19:11)</strong></a> I saw heaven opened, and look! a white horse. And the one seated on it is called Faithful and True, and he judges and carries on war in righteousness.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Rev. 19:14, 15)</strong></a> Also, the armies in heaven were following him on white horses, and they were clothed in white, clean, fine linen. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>And out of his mouth protrudes a sharp, long sword with which to strike the nations, and he will shepherd them with a rod of iron. Moreover, he treads the winepress of the fury of the wrath of God the Almighty.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(Rev. 20:1-3)</strong></a> And I saw an angel coming down out of heaven with the key of the abyss and a great chain in his hand. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>He seized the dragon, the original serpent, who is the Devil and Satan, and bound him for 1,000 years. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>And he hurled him into the abyss and shut it and sealed it over him, so that he would not mislead the nations anymore until the 1,000 years were ended. After this he must be released for a little while.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
