<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, May 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Wednesday, May 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class="themeScrp"><em>Let no one lead you astray.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Thess. 2:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">Satan blurs people’s view of Jehovah. After the death of Jesus’ apostles, some who claimed to be Christians began to spread false teachings. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 20:29, 30</a>) These apostates started to blur the identity of the only true God. For example, they stopped using the divine name in their copies of the Bible and preferred such expressions as “Lord.” By removing God’s personal name and replacing it with “Lord,” they made it difficult for a Bible reader to see how Jehovah is different from the other “lords” mentioned in the Scriptures. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Cor. 8:5</a>) They used the same term, “Lord,” for Jehovah and for Jesus, making it difficult to understand that Jehovah and his Son are different individuals with distinct positions. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">John 17:3</a>) This confusion contributed to the development of the doctrine of the Trinity​—a doctrine not taught in God’s Word. As a result, many see God as mysterious and believe that we cannot know him. What a lie!​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Acts 17:27</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>5 ¶11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Thess. 2:3)</strong></a> Let no one lead you astray* in any way, because it will not come unless the apostasy comes first and the man of lawlessness gets revealed, the son of destruction.</p><p></p><p>Or “seduce you.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 20:29, 30)</strong></a> I know that after my going away oppressive wolves will enter in among you and will not treat the flock with tenderness, <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>and from among you yourselves men will rise and speak twisted things to draw away the disciples after themselves.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 8:5)</strong></a> For even though there are so-called gods, whether in heaven or on earth, just as there are many “gods” and many “lords,”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 17:3)</strong></a> This means everlasting life, their coming to know you, the only true God, and the one whom you sent, Jesus Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 17:27)</strong></a> so that they would seek God, if they might grope for him and really find him, although, in fact, he is not far off from each one of us.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
