<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, May 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Thursday, May 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>If the Son sets you free, you will be truly free.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 8:36</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">That freedom was certainly greater than what could be gained during Israel’s Jubilee year! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Lev. 25:8-12</a>) For instance, a man set free during the Jubilee might again become a slave, and in any case, he would eventually die. On the day of Pentecost 33 C.E., Jehovah anointed with holy spirit the apostles and other faithful men and women. He adopted them as his sons so that in time they would be resurrected to heaven to reign with Jesus. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 8:2,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 15-17</a>) These were the first to benefit from the liberty that Jesus announced in the synagogue of Nazareth. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Luke 4:16-19,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 21</a>) Those men and women were no longer enslaved to false teachings and unscriptural practices of the Jewish religious leaders. God also considered them liberated from the deadly effects of sin. The symbolic Jubilee that began with the anointing of Christ’s followers in 33 C.E. will end at the conclusion of Jesus’ Thousand Year Reign. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>11 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 8:36)</strong></a> So if the Son sets you free, you will be truly free.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Lev. 25:8-12)</strong></a> “‘You will count off seven sabbath years, seven times seven years, and the days of the seven sabbath years will amount to 49 years. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>You will then sound the horn loudly in the seventh month, on the tenth of the month; on the Day of Atonement, you should cause the sound of the horn to be heard in all your land. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>You must sanctify the 50th year and proclaim liberty in the land to all its inhabitants. It will become a Jubilee for you, and each of you will return to his property and each of you should return to his family. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>A Jubilee is what that 50th year will become for you. You will not sow seed or reap what grew on its own from leftover grain nor gather the grapes of unpruned vines. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>For it is a Jubilee. It is to be holy to you. You may eat only what the land produces by itself.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:2)</strong></a> For the law of the spirit that gives life in union with Christ Jesus has set you free from the law of sin and of death.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 8:15-17)</strong></a> For you did not receive a spirit of slavery causing fear again, but you received a spirit of adoption as sons, by which spirit we cry out: <em>“Abba, </em>Father!” <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>The spirit itself bears witness with our spirit that we are God’s children. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>If, then, we are children, we are also heirs—heirs indeed of God, but joint heirs with Christ—provided we suffer together so that we may also be glorified together.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Luke 4:16-19)</strong></a> He then went to Nazʹa·reth, where he had been brought up, and according to his custom on the Sabbath day, he entered the synagogue and stood up to read. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>So the scroll of the prophet Isaiah was handed to him, and he opened the scroll and found the place where it was written: <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>“Jehovah’s spirit is upon me, because he anointed me to declare good news to the poor. He sent me to proclaim liberty to the captives and a recovery of sight to the blind, to send the crushed ones away free, <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>to preach Jehovah’s acceptable year.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Luke 4:21)</strong></a> Then he began to say to them: “Today this scripture that you just heard* is fulfilled.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “this scripture in your ears.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
