<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, May 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021404"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><strong>May</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Saturday, May 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp"><em>Instruct us about what we should do with the child.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Judg. 13:8</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">What can parents do to help their children learn to love Jehovah? Pray for Jehovah’s help, as Manoah did. Also, teach by example. What you say is important; however, what you do will likely have a bigger impact on your child. We can be sure that Joseph and Mary set an excellent example for their children, including Jesus. Joseph worked hard to support his family. In addition, Joseph encouraged his household to appreciate spiritual things. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Deut. 4:9, 10</a>) He took his family with him to Jerusalem “from year to year” to celebrate the Passover. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 2:41, 42</a>) Some fathers in his day may have viewed such a family trip as inconvenient, time-consuming, and expensive. Yet, Joseph obviously appreciated spiritual things and taught his children to do the same. Also, Mary knew the Scriptures well. By her words and actions, she no doubt taught her children to love God’s Word. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021404-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>24-25 ¶9-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Judg. 13:8)</strong></a> Ma·noʹah pleaded with Jehovah and said: “Pardon me, Jehovah. Please let the man of the true God whom you just sent come again to instruct us about what we should do with the child who will be born.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Deut. 4:9, 10)</strong></a> “Just be careful and watch yourself closely,* so that you may not forget the things that your eyes have seen and so that they may not depart from your heart all the days of your life. You must also make them known to your sons and to your grandsons. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>On the day that you stood before Jehovah your God in Horʹeb, Jehovah said to me, ‘Congregate the people together to me so that I may let them hear my words, in order that they may learn to fear me all the days that they are alive on the ground and that they may teach their sons.’</p><p></p><p>Or “and pay close attention to your soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 2:41, 42)</strong></a> Now his parents were accustomed to go from year to year to Jerusalem for the festival of the Passover. <strong><sup>42 </sup></strong>And when he was 12 years old, they went up according to the custom of the festival.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
