<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, June 27
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p80" data-pid="80">Sunday, June 27</h2>
</header>
<p id="p81" data-pid="81" class="themeScrp"><em>All things . . . that you want men to do to you, you also must do to them.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 7:12</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p82" data-pid="82" class="p82">When we are going through a hard time, how we appreciate those who offer support in practical ways! “There are so many routine things that seem to be impossible to do when you are suffering,” says Ryan, whose father died unexpectedly in a tragic accident. “Practical assistance​—even when it seems very little—​goes a long way.” Never underestimate how comforting your practical yet simple acts of kindness can be. The first-century disciple Mark was a busy Christian. Yet, Mark made time to comfort the apostle Paul, and Paul felt free to ask for Mark’s assistance. Angela, who had to cope with the violent death of a family member, appreciated the willingness of those who comforted her. “When friends genuinely want to help, they are approachable,” she says. “They don’t seem reluctant or hesitant.” We can ask ourselves, ‘Am I known for being willing to comfort fellow worshippers in practical ways?’ <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted27.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>11-12 ¶14-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 7:12)</strong></a> “All things, therefore, that you want men to do to you, you also must do to them. This, in fact, is what the Law and the Prophets mean.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
