<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, June 19
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p56" data-pid="56">Saturday, June 19</h2>
</header>
<p id="p57" data-pid="57" class="themeScrp"><em>You are not in darkness, so that the day should overtake you as it would thieves.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Thess. 5:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p58" data-pid="58" class="p58">In his exhortation, the apostle Paul mentions “Jehovah’s day.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Thess. 5:1-6</a>) As used in this context, this refers to the time period that begins with the attack on “Babylon the Great,” the world empire of false religion, and ends with Armageddon. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rev. 16:14,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 16;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 17:5</a>) Paul also tells us how we can make sure that we are ready for “Jehovah’s day.” We should “not sleep on as the rest do.” We must “stay awake” and remain alert to the danger of compromising our neutrality by getting drawn into the world’s political issues. If we were to get involved, we could become “part of the world.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">John 15:19</a>) We know that God’s Kingdom is the only hope for world peace. We also want to help others wake up to what the Bible foretold would happen in the world. Once the great tribulation begins, it will be too late for people to turn to Jehovah. That is why our preaching work is so urgent! <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>8 ¶3;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted19.xhtml#pcitation2"> 9 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:4)</strong></a> But you, brothers, you are not in darkness, so that the day should overtake you as it would thieves,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:1-6)</strong></a> Now as for the times and the seasons, brothers, you need nothing to be written to you. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>For you yourselves know very well that Jehovah’s* day is coming exactly as a thief in the night. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Whenever it is that they are saying, “Peace and security!” then sudden destruction is to be instantly on them, just like birth pains on a pregnant woman, and they will by no means escape. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>But you, brothers, you are not in darkness, so that the day should overtake you as it would thieves, <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>for you are all sons of light and sons of day. We belong neither to night nor to darkness. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>So, then, let us not sleep on as the rest do, but let us stay awake and keep our senses.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 16:14)</strong></a> They are, in fact, expressions inspired by demons and they perform signs, and they go out to the kings of the entire inhabited earth, to gather them together to the war of the great day of God the Almighty.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rev. 16:16)</strong></a> And they gathered them together to the place that is called in Hebrew Armageddon.*</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>Har Ma·ge·donʹ, </em>from a Hebrew term meaning “Mountain of Megiddo.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rev. 17:5)</strong></a> On her forehead was written a name, a mystery: “Babylon the Great, the mother of the prostitutes and of the disgusting things of the earth.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(John 15:19)</strong></a> If you were part of the world, the world would be fond of what is its own. Now because you are no part of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, for this reason the world hates you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
