<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, June 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71">Thursday, June 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class="themeScrp"><em>There is an appointed time for everything, . . . a time to search and a time to give up as lost.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eccl. 3:1,</a></em><span id="citationsource2"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2"> 6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">When making decisions, be specific. The more specific you are, the more likely you are to complete what you start. For example, you may have decided to read the Bible more often. But if you do not have a specific schedule in mind, you may not achieve your objective. Or the elders in a congregation may decide to shepherd the flock more often, but after some time, they have not followed through on that decision. To be successful, they could ask such questions as these: “Have we identified the brothers and sisters who could especially benefit from more shepherding? Have we set a specific time to visit them?” Also, be realistic. None of us have the time, resources, or energy to do everything that we would like to do. So be realistic and reasonable. When necessary, you may need to change a decision that was beyond your ability to accomplish. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>29 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eccl. 3:1)</strong></a> There is an appointed time for everything, A time for every activity under the heavens:</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eccl. 3:6)</strong></a> A time to search and a time to give up as lost; A time to keep and a time to throw away;</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
