<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, June 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Sunday, June 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>Take a scroll and write in it all the words that I have spoken to you against Israel and Judah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jer. 36:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">When the time came for the contents of the scroll to be revealed, Jeremiah had to rely on his friend Baruch to deliver the message. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jer. 36:5, 6</a>) Baruch courageously fulfilled his dangerous assignment. Can you imagine how proud Jeremiah must have felt when Baruch went to the temple courtyard and did what he had been asked to do? (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Jer. 36:8-10</a>) The princes of Judah heard what Baruch had done, and they commanded him to read the scroll aloud to them! (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Jer. 36:14, 15</a>) The princes decided to tell King Jehoiakim what Jeremiah had said. King Jehoiakim got so angry when he heard the words written by Jeremiah that he burned the scroll and ordered the arrest of Jeremiah and Baruch. However, Jeremiah took another scroll, gave it to Baruch, and as Jeremiah dictated Jehovah’s message, Baruch wrote “all the words of the scroll that King Jehoiakim of Judah had burned in the fire.”​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Jer. 36:26-28,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 32</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>3-4 ¶4-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jer. 36:2)</strong></a> “Take a scroll* and write in it all the words that I have spoken to you against Israel and Judah and all the nations, from the first day I spoke to you in the days of Jo·siʹah to this day.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “a scroll of a book.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jer. 36:5, 6)</strong></a> Then Jeremiah commanded Barʹuch: “I am confined and unable to enter the house of Jehovah. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>So you are the one who must go in and read aloud the words of Jehovah from the scroll that you wrote at my dictation. Read them in the hearing of the people at the house of Jehovah on the day of a fast; thus you will read them to all the people of Judah who come in from their cities.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jer. 36:8-10)</strong></a> So Barʹuch the son of Ne·riʹah did all that Jeremiah the prophet had commanded him; he read aloud from the scroll* the words of Jehovah at the house of Jehovah. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Now in the fifth year of Je·hoiʹa·kim son of Jo·siʹah, the king of Judah, in the ninth month, all the people in Jerusalem and all the people who came into Jerusalem from the cities of Judah proclaimed a fast before Jehovah. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Barʹuch then read aloud from the scroll* the words of Jeremiah at the house of Jehovah, in the chamber* of Gem·a·riʹah the son of Shaʹphan the copyist,* in the upper courtyard, at the entrance of the new gate of the house of Jehovah, in the hearing of all the people.</p><p></p><p>Or “book.”</p><p>Or “book.”</p><p>Or “dining room.”</p><p>Or “scribe.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Jer. 36:14, 15)</strong></a> Then all the princes sent Je·huʹdi the son of Neth·a·niʹah the son of Shel·e·miʹah the son of Cushʹi to Barʹuch, saying: “Come and bring with you the scroll from which you read in the hearing of the people.” Barʹuch the son of Ne·riʹah took the scroll in his hand and went in to them. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>They said to him: “Sit down, please, and read it aloud to us.” So Barʹuch read it to them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Jer. 36:26-28)</strong></a> Further, the king commanded Je·rahʹme·el the son of the king, Se·raiʹah the son of Azʹri·el, and Shel·e·miʹah the son of Abʹde·el to seize Barʹuch the secretary and Jeremiah the prophet, but Jehovah kept them concealed. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>And the word of Jehovah again came to Jeremiah after the king had burned up the scroll containing the words that Barʹuch had written at Jeremiah’s dictation, saying: <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>“Take another scroll and write on it all the same words that were on the first scroll, which King Je·hoiʹa·kim of Judah burned up.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Jer. 36:32)</strong></a> Jeremiah then took another scroll and gave it to Barʹuch the son of Ne·riʹah, the secretary, and at Jeremiah’s dictation he wrote on it all the words of the scroll* that King Je·hoiʹa·kim of Judah had burned in the fire. And many more words like those were added.</p><p></p><p>Or “book.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
