<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, June 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89">Wednesday, June 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class="themeScrp"><em>Shepherd the flock of God under your care, serving as overseers.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 5:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">Jehovah has entrusted elders with the important responsibility to shepherd his people. Elders can learn much from examining how Nehemiah dealt with Jehovah’s people. As governor of Judah, Nehemiah had considerable authority. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Neh. 1:11;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 2:7, 8;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 5:14</a>) Imagine some of the challenges that Nehemiah faced. He had learned that the people had defiled the temple and were not supporting the Levites financially as the Law directed. The Jews were violating the Sabbath law, and some of the men had married foreign women. Governor Nehemiah would have to handle this difficult situation. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted30.xhtml#citation5">Neh. 13:4-30</a>) Nehemiah did not abuse his authority by imposing his own standards on God’s people. Instead, he sought Jehovah’s guidance in earnest prayer, and he taught the people Jehovah’s Law. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Neh. 1:4-10;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 13:1-3</a>) Nehemiah also humbly worked alongside his brothers, even helping them to rebuild Jerusalem’s walls.​—<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Neh. 4:15</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>16 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p92" data-pid="92" class="p92"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:2)</strong></a> Shepherd the flock of God under your care, serving as overseers,* not under compulsion, but willingly before God; not for love of dishonest gain, but eagerly;</p><p></p><p>Or “carefully watching over it.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Neh. 1:11)</strong></a> O Jehovah, please, let your ear be attentive to the prayer of your servant and to the prayer of your servants who take delight in fearing your name, and please, grant success to your servant today, and may this man show me compassion.” Now I was cupbearer to the king.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Neh. 2:7, 8)</strong></a> Then I said to the king: “If it pleases the king, let letters be given me for the governors of the region Beyond the River,* granting me safe passage until I reach Judah, <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>as well as a letter to Aʹsaph the keeper of the Royal Park,* so that he may give me timber for beams for the gates of the Fortress of the House* and for the walls of the city and for the house where I will go.” So the king gave them to me, for the good hand of my God was upon me.</p><p></p><p>Or “of Trans-Euphrates.”</p><p>Or “the king’s forest.”</p><p>Or “Temple.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Neh. 5:14)</strong></a> Moreover, from the day that he commissioned me to become their governor in the land of Judah, from the 20th year to the 32nd year of King Ar·ta·xerxʹes, 12 years, neither I nor my brothers ate the food allowance due the governor.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Neh. 1:4-10)</strong></a> As soon as I heard these words, I sat down and began to weep and mourn for days, and I kept fasting and praying before the God of the heavens. <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>I said: “O Jehovah, the God of the heavens, the great and awe-inspiring God who keeps his covenant and shows loyal love to those who love him and keep his commandments, <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>please, let your ear be attentive and your eyes open to listen to the prayer of your servant that I am praying to you today, day and night, concerning your servants the Israelites, all the while confessing the sins that the people of Israel have committed against you. We have sinned, both I and the house of my father. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>We have certainly acted corruptly against you by not keeping the commandments, regulations, and judicial decisions that you gave to your servant Moses. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>“Remember, please, the word that you commanded* your servant Moses: ‘If you act unfaithfully, I will scatter you among the peoples. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>But if you return to me and observe my commandments and obey them, though your dispersed people should be at the end of the heavens, I will gather them from there and bring them to the place that I have chosen to have my name reside.’ <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>They are your servants and your people, whom you redeemed by your great power and by your mighty hand.</p><p></p><p>Or “the warning you gave to.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Neh. 13:1-3)</strong></a> On that day the book of Moses was read in the hearing of the people, and it was found written that no Amʹmon·ite or Moʹab·ite should ever enter the congregation of the true God, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>for they had not met the Israelites with bread and water, but instead they had hired Baʹlaam against them to curse them. However, our God had changed the curse into a blessing. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>As soon as they heard the Law, they began to separate from Israel all those of foreign descent.*</p><p></p><p>Or “mixed descent.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Neh. 4:15)</strong></a> Now after our enemies heard that what they were doing had become known to us and that the true God had frustrated their plan, we all went back to work on the wall.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
