<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, June 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Monday, June 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>What will happen to the one who falls with no one to help him up?​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eccl. 4:10</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">Those who have moved to a new assignment need, not pity, but understanding. They may be struggling to deal with their own health problems or those of their relative. They may be grieving over the death of a loved one. And they also may grieve, even if in private, over the loss of association with their spiritual family in their former assignment. It takes time to process such deep and often very mixed emotions. In the meantime, your support and example can help them to adjust. “In my previous assignment, I conducted Bible studies every day,” says a sister who served for many years in a foreign land. “In my new one, it was difficult even to get the opportunity to open the Bible or to show a video in the ministry. But local publishers invited me on their calls and studies. This gave me a more positive outlook. I learned to start conversations in the new territory. All of this helped me to regain joy.” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>22 ¶10;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation2"> 24 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eccl. 4:10)</strong></a> For if one of them falls, the other can help his partner up. But what will happen to the one who falls with no one to help him up?</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
