<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, June 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Sunday, June 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>If you are doing what is bad, be in fear.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 13:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">Child abuse is a grave sin. The child abuser hurts the child in devastating ways. He betrays the child’s trust, robbing the child of his or her security. Children must be protected from such a wicked deed, and those who have been victimized by it need comfort and help. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Thess. 5:14</a>) When someone who is a part of the congregation becomes guilty of child abuse, he brings reproach on the congregation. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 5:16;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 1 Pet. 2:12</a>) We do not tolerate in our midst individuals who unrepentantly commit wicked deeds and who bring reproach on the good name of the congregation. If someone in the congregation becomes guilty of violating a criminal law, such as by committing child abuse, he is sinning against the secular authorities. (Compare <span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Acts 25:8</a>.) While the elders are not authorized to enforce the law of the land, they do not shield any perpetrator of child abuse from the legal consequences of his sin. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>9 ¶4-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 13:4)</strong></a> for it is God’s minister* to you for your good. But if you are doing what is bad, be in fear, for it is not without purpose that it bears the sword. It is God’s minister, an avenger to express wrath against the one practicing what is bad.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “servant.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:14)</strong></a> On the other hand, we urge you, brothers, to warn* the disorderly, speak consolingly to those who are depressed,* support the weak, be patient toward all.</p><p></p><p>Or “admonish.”</p><p>Or “those who are discouraged.” Lit., “those of little soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 5:16)</strong></a> Likewise, let your light shine before men, so that they may see your fine works and give glory to your Father who is in the heavens.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:12)</strong></a> Maintain your conduct fine among the nations, so that when they accuse you of being wrongdoers, they may be eyewitnesses of your fine works and, as a result, glorify God in the day of his inspection.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 25:8)</strong></a> But Paul said in defense: “Neither against the Law of the Jews nor against the temple nor against Caesar have I committed any sin.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
