<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, June 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8">Thursday, June 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class="themeScrp"><em>Christ </em>[<em>left</em>] <em>a model for you to follow his steps closely.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 2:21</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">What was your reaction when you learned the following truths about the Son? Jesus is the second most important person in the universe. He is our Ransomer. He willingly gave his life for us. When we show by our actions that we have faith in the ransom, we can have our sins forgiven, develop a friendship with God, and gain everlasting life. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">John 3:16</a>) Jesus is our High Priest. He wants to help us to benefit from the ransom and to have a close relationship with God. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Heb. 4:15;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 7:24, 25</a>) As King of God’s Kingdom, he is the one through whom Jehovah will sanctify His name, end wickedness, and bring eternal blessings in the coming Paradise. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Matt. 6:9, 10;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Rev. 11:15</a>) Jesus is our model. He set an example for us in devoting his life to doing God’s will. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">John 4:34</a>) When you accept what the Bible teaches about Jesus, you come to love God’s dear Son. That love moves you to use your life to do God’s will, as Jesus did. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.03 </em>10 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:21)</strong></a> In fact, to this course you were called, because even Christ suffered for you, leaving a model for you to follow his steps closely.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(John 3:16)</strong></a> “For God loved the world so much that he gave his only-begotten Son, so that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 4:15)</strong></a> For we do not have a high priest who cannot sympathize with our weaknesses, but we have one who has been tested in all respects as we have, but without sin.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Heb. 7:24, 25)</strong></a> but because he continues alive forever, his priesthood has no successors. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>So he is able also to save completely those who are approaching God through him, because he is always alive to plead for them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:9, 10)</strong></a> “You must pray, then, this way: “‘Our Father in the heavens, let your name be sanctified. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Let your Kingdom come. Let your will take place, as in heaven, also on earth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rev. 11:15)</strong></a> The seventh angel blew his trumpet. And there were loud voices in heaven, saying: “The kingdom of the world has become the Kingdom of our Lord and of his Christ, and he will rule as king forever and ever.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(John 4:34)</strong></a> Jesus said to them: “My food is to do the will of him who sent me and to finish his work.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
