<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, June 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Wednesday, June 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp"><em>Then sudden destruction is to be instantly on them.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Thess. 5:3</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">The proclamation of “peace and security” precedes “Jehovah’s day.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Thess. 5:1-6</a>) At <span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">1 Thessalonians 5:2</a>, “Jehovah’s day” refers to “the great tribulation.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Rev. 7:14</a>) How will we know when that tribulation is about to begin? The Bible tells us about a most unusual proclamation. It will serve as a signal announcing the great tribulation. That will be the foretold proclamation of “peace and security.” Will religious leaders participate? Possibly. Nevertheless, the proclamation will be just another demon-inspired lie. But this lie will be especially dangerous because it will give people a false sense of security just before the greatest tribulation in human history begins. Yes, “sudden destruction is to be instantly on them, just like birth pains on a pregnant woman.” What about Jehovah’s loyal servants? They may be surprised by the sudden start of Jehovah’s day, but they will not be caught off guard. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>9 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:3)</strong></a> Whenever it is that they are saying, “Peace and security!” then sudden destruction is to be instantly on them, just like birth pains on a pregnant woman, and they will by no means escape.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:1-6)</strong></a> Now as for the times and the seasons, brothers, you need nothing to be written to you. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>For you yourselves know very well that Jehovah’s* day is coming exactly as a thief in the night. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Whenever it is that they are saying, “Peace and security!” then sudden destruction is to be instantly on them, just like birth pains on a pregnant woman, and they will by no means escape. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>But you, brothers, you are not in darkness, so that the day should overtake you as it would thieves, <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>for you are all sons of light and sons of day. We belong neither to night nor to darkness. <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>So, then, let us not sleep on as the rest do, but let us stay awake and keep our senses.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:2)</strong></a> For you yourselves know very well that Jehovah’s* day is coming exactly as a thief in the night.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rev. 7:14)</strong></a> So right away I said to him: “My lord, you are the one who knows.” And he said to me: “These are the ones who come out of the great tribulation, and they have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
