<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, June 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Saturday, June 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class="themeScrp"><em>I am Jehovah; I do not change.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Mal. 3:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">Jehovah hates spiritism! He told the Israelites: “There should not be found in you anyone who makes his son or his daughter pass through the fire, anyone who employs divination, anyone practicing magic, anyone who looks for omens, a sorcerer, anyone binding others with a spell, anyone who consults a spirit medium or a fortune-teller, or anyone who inquires of the dead. For whoever does these things is detestable to Jehovah.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Deut. 18:10-12</a>) Christians are not under the Law that Jehovah gave to the Israelites. However, we know that his feelings about spiritism have not changed. Jehovah warns us against spiritism because he knows that Satan uses it to harm people. Satan uses spiritism to promote lies​—including the lie that the dead are alive in some other realm. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eccl. 9:5</a>) Satan also uses spiritism to keep people in fear and to turn them away from Jehovah. His aim is that people who practice spiritism will trust in wicked spirits instead of in Jehovah. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>21 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Mal. 3:6)</strong></a> “For I am Jehovah; I do not change.* And you are sons of Jacob; you have not yet come to your finish.</p><p></p><p>Or “I have not changed.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Deut. 18:10-12)</strong></a> There should not be found in you anyone who makes his son or his daughter pass through the fire, anyone who employs divination, anyone practicing magic, anyone who looks for omens, a sorcerer, <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>anyone binding others with a spell, anyone who consults a spirit medium or a fortune-teller, or anyone who inquires of the dead. <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>For whoever does these things is detestable to Jehovah, and on account of these detestable practices Jehovah your God is driving them away from before you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eccl. 9:5)</strong></a> For the living know* that they will die, but the dead know nothing at all, nor do they have any more reward,* because all memory of them is forgotten.</p><p></p><p>Or “are conscious.”</p><p>Or “wages.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
