<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, June 10
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p29" data-pid="29">Thursday, June 10</h2>
</header>
<p id="p30" data-pid="30" class="themeScrp"><em>Throw your burden on Jehovah, and he will sustain you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 55:22</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p31" data-pid="31" class="p31">Are you dealing with a stressful situation? How comforting it is for us to know that Jehovah understands our emotional struggles. He knows our limitations, and he even knows what we are thinking and feeling. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 103:14;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 139:3, 4</a>) By relying on Jehovah, we will receive help to deal with problems that cause us stress. Stress can cause you to think negatively, making you feel discouraged. If that happens, remember that Jehovah will help you deal with stress. How will he help you? He invites you to share your concerns with him. And he will answer your cries for help. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 5:3;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 1 Pet. 5:7</a>) So pray to Jehovah often about your problems. He will not speak directly to you, but he will speak to you through his Word, the Bible, and through his organization. The accounts you read in the Bible can comfort you and give you hope. Also, your brothers and sisters can encourage you.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Rom. 15:4;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> Heb. 10:24, 25</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted10.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>16 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 55:22)</strong></a> Throw your burden on Jehovah, And he will sustain you. Never will he allow the righteous one to fall.*</p><p></p><p>Or “stagger; totter.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 103:14)</strong></a> For he well knows how we are formed, Remembering that we are dust.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 139:3, 4)</strong></a> You observe* me when I travel and when I lie down; You are familiar with all my ways.  <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>There is not a word on my tongue, But look! O Jehovah, you already know it well.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “measure.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 5:3)</strong></a> O Jehovah, you will hear my voice in the morning; In the morning I will express my concern to you and wait expectantly.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:7)</strong></a> while you throw all your anxiety* on him, because he cares for you.</p><p></p><p>Or “cares; worries.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rom. 15:4)</strong></a> For all the things that were written beforehand were written for our instruction, so that through our endurance and through the comfort from the Scriptures we might have hope.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:24, 25)</strong></a> And let us consider* one another so as to incite* to love and fine works, <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>not forsaking our meeting together, as some have the custom, but encouraging one another, and all the more so as you see the day drawing near.</p><p></p><p>Or “be concerned about; pay attention to.”</p><p>Or “motivate; stir up.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
