<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, June 28
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p83" data-pid="83">Monday, June 28</h2>
</header>
<p id="p84" data-pid="84" class="themeScrp"><em>Whoever eats the loaf or drinks the cup of the Lord unworthily will be guilty.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 11:27</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p85" data-pid="85" class="p85">How might an anointed one partake “unworthily” at the Memorial? He would do so if he ate and drank the emblems but was not living up to Jehovah’s righteous standards. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 6:4-6;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 10:26-29</a>) Anointed ones realize that they must stay faithful if they want to receive “the prize of the upward call of God by means of Christ Jesus.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Phil. 3:13-16</a>) Jehovah’s holy spirit helps his servants to be humble, not proud. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Eph. 4:1-3;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Col. 3:10,</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> 12</a>) So anointed ones do not feel that they are better than others. They know that Jehovah does not necessarily give anointed ones more holy spirit than he gives his other servants. They do not feel that they have a deeper understanding of Bible truths than anyone else. And they would never tell someone else that he too has been anointed and should start partaking at the Memorial. Instead, they humbly acknowledge that only Jehovah invites people to go to heaven. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted28.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>27-28 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 11:27)</strong></a> Therefore, whoever eats the loaf or drinks the cup of the Lord unworthily will be guilty respecting the body and the blood of the Lord.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 6:4-6)</strong></a> For as regards those who were once enlightened and who have tasted the heavenly free gift and who have become partakers of holy spirit <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>and who have tasted the fine word of God and powers of the coming system of things,* <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>but have fallen away, it is impossible to revive them again to repentance, because they nail the Son of God to the stake again for themselves and expose him to public shame.</p><p></p><p>Or “the coming age.” See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:26-29)</strong></a> For if we practice sin willfully after having received the accurate knowledge of the truth, there is no longer any sacrifice for sins left, <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>but there is a certain fearful expectation of judgment and a burning indignation that is going to consume those in opposition. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>Anyone who has disregarded the Law of Moses dies without compassion on the testimony of two or three. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>How much greater punishment do you think a person will deserve who has trampled on the Son of God and who has regarded as of ordinary value the blood of the covenant by which he was sanctified, and who has outraged the spirit of undeserved kindness with contempt?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Phil. 3:13-16)</strong></a> Brothers, I do not yet consider myself as having taken hold of it; but one thing is certain: Forgetting the things behind and stretching forward to the things ahead, <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>I am pressing on toward the goal for the prize of the upward call of God by means of Christ Jesus. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Therefore, let those of us who are mature be of this mental attitude, and if you are mentally inclined otherwise in any respect, God will reveal the above attitude to you. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>At any rate, to the extent we have made progress, let us go on walking orderly in this same course.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:1-3)</strong></a> Therefore I, the prisoner in the Lord, appeal to you to walk worthily of the calling with which you were called, <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>with all humility* and mildness, with patience, putting up with one another in love, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>earnestly endeavoring to maintain the oneness of the spirit in the uniting bond of peace.</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Col. 3:10)</strong></a> and clothe yourselves with the new personality, which through accurate knowledge is being made new according to the image of the One who created it,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Col. 3:12)</strong></a> Accordingly, as God’s chosen ones, holy and loved, clothe yourselves with the tender affections of compassion, kindness, humility,* mildness, and patience.</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
