<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, June 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Monday, June 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class="themeScrp"><em>The wisdom of this world is foolishness with God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 3:19</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">We can face any challenge​—all because Jehovah is our Grand Instructor. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Isa. 30:20, 21</a>) His Word gives us everything we need to be “fully competent” and “completely equipped for every good work.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Tim. 3:17</a>) When we live by Bible teachings, we become wiser than those who promote “the wisdom of this world.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 119:97-100</a>) Regrettably, the wisdom of the world often appeals to our fleshly desires. So we might find it difficult to resist thinking and acting like those who are part of the world. For good reason, the Bible says: “Look out that no one takes you captive by means of the philosophy and empty deception according to human tradition.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Col. 2:8</a>) As the Bible foretold about the last days, people would to a remarkable degree become “lovers of pleasures.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">2 Tim. 3:4</a>) The prevalence of sexually transmitted diseases, such as AIDS, is just one indication that the wisdom of the world is foolishness.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">2 Pet. 2:19</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>21 ¶1-2;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation2"> 22 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 3:19)</strong></a> For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God, for it is written: “He catches the wise in their own cunning.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Isa. 30:20, 21)</strong></a> Though Jehovah will give you bread in the form of distress and water in the form of oppression, your Grand Instructor will no longer hide himself, and you will see your Grand Instructor with your own eyes. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>And your own ears will hear a word behind you saying, “This is the way. Walk in it,” in case you should go to the right or in case you should go to the left.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:17)</strong></a> so that the man of God may be fully competent, completely equipped for every good work.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 119:97-100)</strong></a> How I do love your law! I ponder over* it all day long. <strong><sup>98 </sup></strong>Your commandment makes me wiser than my enemies, Because it is with me forever. <strong><sup>99 </sup></strong>I have more insight than all my teachers, Because I ponder over* your reminders. <strong><sup>100 </sup></strong>I act with more understanding than older men, Because I observe your orders.</p><p></p><p>Or “study.”</p><p>Or “study.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Col. 2:8)</strong></a> Look out that no one takes you captive* by means of the philosophy and empty deception according to human tradition, according to the elementary things of the world and not according to Christ;</p><p></p><p>Or “carries you off as his prey.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:4)</strong></a> betrayers, headstrong, puffed up with pride, lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 2:19)</strong></a> While they are promising them freedom, they themselves are slaves of corruption; for if anyone is overcome by someone, he is his slave.*</p><p></p><p>Or “overcome by something, he is its slave.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
