<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, June 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021405"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><strong>June</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Tuesday, June 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp"><em>Her rival wife taunted her relentlessly in order to upset her.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Sam. 1:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">The prophet Samuel’s mother, Hannah, had to deal with some difficult problems. For many years she was unable to have children. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Sam. 1:2</a>) In Israelite culture, a woman who was barren was believed to be cursed. This left her feeling humiliated. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 30:1, 2</a>) To make matters worse for Hannah, her husband had another wife, Peninnah, who bore him children and taunted Hannah about it. Hannah did not cope well with these difficult challenges. She was so upset that “she would weep and not eat.” She became “extremely bitter” at heart. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Sam. 1:7,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 10</a>) How did Hannah find comfort? Hannah poured out her feelings to Jehovah in prayer. After she prayed, she explained her situation to High Priest Eli. He then told her: “Go in peace, and may the God of Israel grant your petition.” What was the result? Hannah “went on her way and ate, and her face was no longer downcast.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">1 Sam. 1:17, 18</a>) Prayer helped Hannah to regain peace. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021405-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>21 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 1:6)</strong></a> Moreover, her rival wife taunted her relentlessly in order to upset her because Jehovah had not given her children.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 1:2)</strong></a> He had two wives; one was named Hanʹnah, and the other was named Pe·ninʹnah. Pe·ninʹnah had children, but Hanʹnah had no children.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 30:1, 2)</strong></a> When Rachel saw that she had borne no children to Jacob, she became jealous of her sister and began to say to Jacob: “Give me children or else I will die.” <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>At this Jacob’s anger flared up against Rachel, and he said: “Am I in the place of God, who has prevented you from having children?”*</p><p></p><p>Or “has withheld the fruit of the womb from you?”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 1:7)</strong></a> That is what she would do year after year; whenever Hanʹnah went up to the house of Jehovah, her rival would taunt her so much that she would weep and not eat.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 1:10)</strong></a> Hanʹnah was extremely bitter,* and she began to pray to Jehovah and to weep uncontrollably.</p><p></p><p>Or “bitter of soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 1:17, 18)</strong></a> Then Eʹli answered: “Go in peace, and may the God of Israel grant your petition that you have asked of him.” <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>To this she said: “Let your servant find favor in your eyes.” And the woman went on her way and ate, and her face was no longer downcast.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
