<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, July 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Wednesday, July 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>This is what the Sovereign Lord Jehovah says.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ezek. 2:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">During the great tribulation, the message that we proclaim will likely change. Currently, we are preaching the good news of the Kingdom and we are endeavoring to make disciples. But at that time, we may well deliver a message as hard-hitting as hailstones. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rev. 16:21</a>) We may proclaim the impending doom of Satan’s world. In time, we will find out exactly what our message will be and how we will deliver it. Will we use the same methods or will we use some other methods? We will have to wait and see. In any case, it seems that we will have the privilege of boldly proclaiming Jehovah’s judgment message! (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ezek. 2:3-5</a>) Quite likely, our message will provoke the nations into trying to silence us once and for all. Just as we rely on Jehovah for support in our ministry now, we will need his support then. We can be sure that our God will fill us with power to accomplish his will.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Mic. 3:8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>16 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ezek. 2:4)</strong></a> I am sending you to sons who are defiant* and hardhearted, and you must say to them, ‘This is what the Sovereign Lord Jehovah says.’</p><p></p><p>Or “hard of face.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rev. 16:21)</strong></a> Then great hailstones, each about the weight of a talent,* fell from heaven on the people, and the people blasphemed God because of the plague of hail, for the plague was unusually great.</p><p></p><p>A Greek talent equaled 20.4 kg (654 oz t). See App. B14.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ezek. 2:3-5)</strong></a> He went on to say to me: “Son of man, I am sending you to the people of Israel, to rebellious nations that have rebelled against me. They and their forefathers have transgressed against me down to this very day. <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>I am sending you to sons who are defiant* and hardhearted, and you must say to them, ‘This is what the Sovereign Lord Jehovah says.’ <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>As for them, whether they listen or refuse to listen—for they are a rebellious house—they will certainly know that a prophet was among them.</p><p></p><p>Or “hard of face.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Mic. 3:8)</strong></a> As for me, I am filled with power by the spirit of Jehovah, And with justice and might, To tell to Jacob his revolt and to Israel his sin.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
