<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, July 30
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p89" data-pid="89">Friday, July 30</h2>
</header>
<p id="p90" data-pid="90" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah turned his attention to Hannah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Sam. 2:21</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p91" data-pid="91" class="p91">The cause of Hannah’s anxiety did not go away immediately. She still had to live in the same household as Peninnah did. And the Bible does not indicate that Peninnah’s attitude changed. So Hannah likely had to continue enduring her rival’s stabbing words. But Hannah was able to regain and maintain her inner peace. After leaving the matter in Jehovah’s hands, Hannah was no longer overwhelmed by worry. She allowed Jehovah to comfort and soothe her. Sometime later, Hannah was even blessed with children of her own! (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Sam. 1:2,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 6, 7,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 17-20</a>) We can regain our peace even if the cause of our anxiety remains. Even though we pray intensely and attend meetings regularly, some problems may persist. But from Hannah’s example, we learn that nothing can stop Jehovah from soothing our troubled heart. Jehovah will never forget us, and sooner or later he will reward our faithfulness.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Heb. 11:6</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted30.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>22 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 2:21)</strong></a> Jehovah turned his attention to Hanʹnah, so that she could conceive; and she gave birth to three more sons and two daughters. And the boy Samuel continued growing up before Jehovah.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 1:2)</strong></a> He had two wives; one was named Hanʹnah, and the other was named Pe·ninʹnah. Pe·ninʹnah had children, but Hanʹnah had no children.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 1:6, 7)</strong></a> Moreover, her rival wife taunted her relentlessly in order to upset her because Jehovah had not given her children. <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>That is what she would do year after year; whenever Hanʹnah went up to the house of Jehovah, her rival would taunt her so much that she would weep and not eat.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 1:17-20)</strong></a> Then Eʹli answered: “Go in peace, and may the God of Israel grant your petition that you have asked of him.” <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>To this she said: “Let your servant find favor in your eyes.” And the woman went on her way and ate, and her face was no longer downcast. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Then they got up early in the morning and bowed before Jehovah, after which they returned to their house in Raʹmah. El·kaʹnah had sexual relations with his wife Hanʹnah, and Jehovah gave attention to* her. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>Within a year* Hanʹnah became pregnant and gave birth to a son and named him Samuel,* because, as she said, “it is from Jehovah that I have asked him.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “remembered.”</p><p>Or possibly, “In due time.”</p><p>Meaning “Name of God.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Heb. 11:6)</strong></a> Moreover, without faith it is impossible to please God well, for whoever approaches God must believe that he is* and that he becomes the rewarder of those earnestly seeking him.</p><p></p><p>Or “exists.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
