<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, July 8
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p23" data-pid="23">Thursday, July 8</h2>
</header>
<p id="p24" data-pid="24" class="themeScrp"><em>The reasonings of the wise men are futile.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 3:20</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p25" data-pid="25" class="p25">In the days of ancient Israel, Satan used false religion to promote immorality. Today, he does the same. False religion tolerates and even promotes immoral conduct. Consequently, many who claim to serve God have abandoned his clear standards of morality. The apostle Paul describes in his letter to the Romans what has been the result. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Rom. 1:28-31</a>) Among “the things not fitting” are all forms of sexual immorality, including homosexuality. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 1:24-27,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 32;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> Rev. 2:20</a>) How important it is for us to stick to the Bible’s clear teachings! Human philosophy ignores or contradicts Jehovah’s righteous standards. It does not nurture the fruitage of God’s spirit but, rather, “the works of the flesh.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Gal. 5:19-23</a>) It generates pride and arrogance, and the result is that people become “lovers of themselves.” (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">2 Tim. 3:2-4</a>) These qualities are the opposite of the meek, humble spirit that God’s servants are encouraged to have.​—<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">2 Sam. 22:28</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted8.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>5-6 ¶12-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 3:20)</strong></a> And again: “Jehovah knows that the reasonings of the wise men are futile.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:28-31)</strong></a> Just as they did not see fit to acknowledge God,* God gave them over to a disapproved mental state, to do the things not fitting. <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>And they were filled with all unrighteousness, wickedness, greed, and badness, being full of envy, murder, strife, deceit, and malice, being whisperers, <strong><sup>30 </sup></strong>backbiters, haters of God, insolent, haughty, boastful, schemers of what is harmful,* disobedient to parents, <strong><sup>31 </sup></strong>without understanding, false to agreements, having no natural affection, and merciless.</p><p></p><p>Or “they did not consider it worthwhile to have accurate knowledge of God.” Lit., “they did not approve of holding God in accurate knowledge.”</p><p>Or “inventors of injurious things.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:24-27)</strong></a> Therefore, God, in keeping with the desires of their hearts, gave them up to uncleanness, so that their bodies might be dishonored among them. <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>They exchanged the truth of God for the lie and venerated* and rendered sacred service to the creation rather than the Creator, who is praised forever. Amen. <strong><sup>26 </sup></strong>That is why God gave them over to disgraceful sexual passion, for their females changed the natural use of themselves into one contrary to nature; <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>likewise also the males left the natural use of the female and became violently inflamed in their lust toward one another, males with males, working what is obscene and receiving in themselves the full penalty, which was due for their error.</p><p></p><p>Or “worshipped.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:32)</strong></a> Although these know full well the righteous decree of God—that those practicing such things are deserving of death—they not only keep on doing them but also approve of those practicing them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rev. 2:20)</strong></a> “‘Nevertheless, I do hold this against you, that you tolerate that woman Jezʹe·bel, who calls herself a prophetess, and she teaches and misleads my slaves to commit sexual immorality* and to eat things sacrificed to idols.</p><p></p><p>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Gal. 5:19-23)</strong></a> Now the works of the flesh are plainly seen, and they are sexual immorality,* uncleanness, brazen conduct,* <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>idolatry, spiritism,* hostility, strife, jealousy, fits of anger, dissensions, divisions, sects, <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>envy, drunkenness, wild parties,* and things like these. I am forewarning you about these things, the same way I already warned you, that those who practice such things will not inherit God’s Kingdom. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>On the other hand, the fruitage of the spirit is love, joy, peace, patience,* kindness, goodness, faith, <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>mildness, self-control. Against such things there is no law.</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>por·neiʹa. </em>See Glossary.</p><p>Or “shameless conduct.” Greek, <em>a·selʹgei·a. </em>See Glossary.</p><p>Or “sorcery; druggery.”</p><p>Or “revelries.”</p><p>Or “long-suffering.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:2-4)</strong></a> For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, disloyal, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>having no natural affection, not open to any agreement, slanderers, without self-control, fierce, without love of goodness, <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>betrayers, headstrong, puffed up with pride, lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 22:28)</strong></a> For you save those who are humble, But your eyes are against the haughty, and you abase them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
