<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, July 3
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p8" data-pid="8">Saturday, July 3</h2>
</header>
<p id="p9" data-pid="9" class="themeScrp"><em>Pray continually.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Matt. 26:41</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p10" data-pid="10" class="p10">What can we pray for? We can pray for Jehovah to “give us more faith.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Luke 17:5;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> John 14:1</a>) We need faith because Satan will test all who follow Jesus. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Luke 22:31</a>) How will faith help us? When we have done all that we reasonably can to deal with a trial, faith will move us to leave the matter with Jehovah. Because we trust that he can handle matters better than we ever could, we have peace of mind and heart. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Pet. 5:6, 7</a>) Prayer helps us to maintain our inner peace no matter what trials we face. Consider the example of Robert, a faithful elder who is now in his 80’s. He says: “The counsel at <span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Philippians 4:6, 7</a> has helped me to cope with many trials in my life. I have had to deal with financial problems. And I temporarily lost my privilege of serving as an elder.” What has helped Robert to maintain inner peace? “I pray as soon as I start to feel anxious,” he says. “I believe that the more frequently and intensely I pray, the more peaceful I feel.” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted3.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>9-10 ¶5-7</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Matt. 26:41)</strong></a> Keep on the watch and pray continually, so that you may not enter into temptation. The spirit, of course, is eager,* but the flesh is weak.”</p><p></p><p>Or “willing.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Luke 17:5)</strong></a> Now the apostles said to the Lord: “Give us more faith.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(John 14:1)</strong></a> “Do not let your hearts be troubled. Exercise faith in God; exercise faith also in me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 22:31)</strong></a> “Simon, Simon, look! Satan has demanded to have all of you to sift you as wheat.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 5:6, 7)</strong></a> Humble yourselves, therefore, under the mighty hand of God, so that he may exalt you in due time, <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>while you throw all your anxiety* on him, because he cares for you.</p><p></p><p>Or “cares; worries.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:6, 7)</strong></a> Do not be anxious over anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication along with thanksgiving, let your petitions be made known to God; <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>and the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and your mental powers* by means of Christ Jesus.</p><p></p><p>Or “your minds; your thoughts.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
