<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, July 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Wednesday, July 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class="themeScrp"><em>You will come against them like a storm, . . . you and all your troops and many peoples with you.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ezek. 38:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">God will not allow the nations to destroy his people. They proudly bear his name, and they have obeyed his command to flee from Babylon the Great. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 15:16, 17;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Rev. 18:4</a>) They have also worked hard to help others flee from her. So Jehovah’s servants will not “receive part of her plagues.” Still, their faith will be tested. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ezek. 38:2,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 8</a>) After the destruction of all false religious organizations, God’s people will stand out like a lone tree that survived a fierce storm. Satan, of course, will be enraged. He will vent that rage by using demonic propaganda​—“unclean inspired expressions”—​to cause a coalition of nations to turn on Jehovah’s servants. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Rev. 16:13, 14</a>) That coalition is called “Gog of the land of Magog.” When the nations launch their attack, they will have arrived at the symbolic place called Armageddon.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Rev. 16:16</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>11 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ezek. 38:9)</strong></a> You will come against them like a storm, and you will cover the land like clouds, you and all your troops and many peoples with you.”’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 15:16, 17)</strong></a> ‘After these things I will return and raise up again the tent of David that is fallen down; I will rebuild its ruins and restore it, <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>so that the men who remain may earnestly seek Jehovah, together with people of all the nations, people who are called by my name, says Jehovah, who is doing these things,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rev. 18:4)</strong></a> And I heard another voice out of heaven say: “Get out of her, my people, if you do not want to share with her in her sins, and if you do not want to receive part of her plagues.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ezek. 38:2)</strong></a> “Son of man, set your face against Gog of the land of Maʹgog, the head chieftain* of Meʹshech and Tuʹbal, and prophesy against him.</p><p></p><p>Or “chief prince.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ezek. 38:8)</strong></a> “‘“You will be given attention* after many days. In the final part of the years you will invade the land whose people have been restored from the ravages of the sword, collected together out of many peoples onto the mountains of Israel, which had long been lying devastated. The inhabitants of this land were restored from the peoples, and all of them dwell in security.</p><p></p><p>Or “summoned.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rev. 16:13, 14)</strong></a> And I saw three unclean inspired expressions* that looked like frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon and out of the mouth of the wild beast and out of the mouth of the false prophet. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>They are, in fact, expressions inspired by demons and they perform signs, and they go out to the kings of the entire inhabited earth, to gather them together to the war of the great day of God the Almighty.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “unclean spirits.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Rev. 16:16)</strong></a> And they gathered them together to the place that is called in Hebrew Armageddon.*</p><p></p><p>Greek, <em>Har Ma·ge·donʹ, </em>from a Hebrew term meaning “Mountain of Megiddo.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
