<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, July 31
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p92" data-pid="92">Saturday, July 31</h2>
</header>
<p id="p93" data-pid="93" class="themeScrp"><em>Share with a wise person, and he will become wiser.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 9:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p94" data-pid="94" class="p94">Elders do not hold back from sharing Bible principles that can help others to act wisely. Why is it so important that they speak up when necessary? Consider the case of Eli: High Priest Eli had two sons for whom he had deep affection. Those sons, however, had no respect for Jehovah. They held important positions as priests serving at the tabernacle. But they abused their authority, showed gross disrespect for the offerings given to Jehovah, and brazenly committed sexual immorality. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Sam. 2:12-17,</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> 22</a>) According to the Mosaic Law, Eli’s sons deserved to die, but permissive Eli merely reproved them mildly and allowed them to continue serving at the tabernacle. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Deut. 21:18-21</a>) How did Jehovah view the way that Eli handled matters? He said to Eli: “Why do you keep honoring your sons more than me?” Jehovah then determined to put those two wicked men to death.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Sam. 2:29,</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 34</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.03 </em>19 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p95" data-pid="95" class="p95"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 9:9)</strong></a> Share with a wise person, and he will become wiser. Teach someone righteous, and he will add to his learning.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 2:12-17)</strong></a> Now the sons of Eʹli were wicked men; they had no regard for Jehovah. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>This is what they did with the due right of the priests from the people: Whenever any man was offering a sacrifice, an attendant of the priest came with a three-pronged fork in his hand when the meat was boiling, <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>and he would thrust it into the basin, the two-handled cooking pot, the cauldron, or the one-handled cooking pot. Whatever the fork brought up, the priest would take for himself. That is what they would do in Shiʹloh to all the Israelites coming there. <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Also, even before the man sacrificing could make the fat smoke, an attendant of the priest would come and say to him: “Give the priest meat to roast. He will not take boiled meat from you, only raw meat.” <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>When the man would say to him: “Let them first be sure to make the fat smoke, then take for yourself whatever you desire,”* he would say: “No, give it to me now; if not, I will take it by force!” <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Thus the sin of the attendants came to be very great before Jehovah, for the men treated the offering of Jehovah with disrespect.</p><p></p><p>Or “your soul craves.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 2:22)</strong></a> Now Eʹli was very old, but he had heard about everything that his sons were doing to all Israel and how they would lie down with the women who served at the entrance of the tent of meeting.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Deut. 21:18-21)</strong></a> “If a man has a son who is stubborn and rebellious and he does not obey his father or his mother, and they have tried to correct him but he refuses to listen to them, <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>his father and his mother should take hold of him and bring him out to the elders at the gate of his city <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>and say to the elders of his city, ‘This son of ours is stubborn and rebellious, and he refuses to obey us. He is a glutton and a drunkard.’ <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>Then all the men of his city must stone him to death. So you must remove what is bad from your midst, and all Israel will hear and become afraid.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 2:29)</strong></a> Why do you men scorn* my sacrifice and my offering that I have commanded in my place of dwelling? Why do you keep honoring your sons more than me by fattening yourselves from the best portions of every offering of my people Israel?</p><p></p><p>Lit., “kick at.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 2:34)</strong></a> And what happens to your two sons, Hophʹni and Phinʹe·has, will be the sign for you: On one day both of them will die.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
