<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, July 12
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p35" data-pid="35">Monday, July 12</h2>
</header>
<p id="p36" data-pid="36" class="themeScrp"><em>Can a man make gods for himself when they are not really gods?​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jer. 16:20</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p37" data-pid="37" class="p37">A brother with much experience preaching to nonreligious people in the Far East explains: “Typically, when a person here says, ‘I don’t believe in God,’ he means that he does not believe in worshipping traditional gods. So I usually agree that most gods are man-made and are not real. I often read <span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jeremiah 16:20</a> and ask: ‘How could we tell a real god from man-made ones?’ I listen carefully, and then I read <span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Isaiah 41:23</a>: ‘Tell us what will happen in the future, so that we may know that you are gods.’ Then I show an example of how Jehovah has foretold the future.” Another brother says: “I show them examples of Bible wisdom, fulfilled Bible prophecies, and laws that control the universe. Then I show them how all of it points to a living and wise Creator. When a person accepts the possibility that God exists, I start showing him what the Bible says about Jehovah.” <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted12.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>23-24 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jer. 16:20)</strong></a> Can a man make gods for himself When they are not really gods?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jer. 16:20)</strong></a> Can a man make gods for himself When they are not really gods?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Isa. 41:23)</strong></a> Tell us what will happen in the future, So that we may know that you are gods. Yes, do something, good or bad, So that we may be amazed when we see it.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
