<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, July 4
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p11" data-pid="11">Sunday, July 4</h2>
</header>
<p id="p12" data-pid="12" class="themeScrp"><em>Against you​—you above all—​I have sinned.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 51:4</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p13" data-pid="13" class="p13">Child abuse is a sin against God. When a human sins against another human, he also sins against Jehovah. Consider an example from the Law that God gave Israel. The Law said that a man who robbed or defrauded his neighbor was behaving “unfaithfully toward Jehovah.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Lev. 6:2-4</a>) Certainly, then, when an individual who is a part of the congregation abuses a child​—robbing that child of his or her security—​he is behaving unfaithfully toward God. The abuser brings great reproach on Jehovah’s name. For that reason, abuse must be condemned for what it is​—a gross sin against God. Articles in <em>The Watchtower </em>and <em>Awake! </em>have discussed how those who have been sexually abused can deal with emotional scars, how others can help and encourage them, and how parents can protect their children. Elders have received detailed Scriptural training on how to handle the sin of child abuse. The organization continues to review the way congregations handle the sin of child abuse. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted4.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>9 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 51:4)</strong></a> Against you—you above all*—I have sinned; What is bad in your eyes I have done. Therefore, you are righteous when you speak, You are right in your judgment.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “only you.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Lev. 6:2-4)</strong></a> “If someone* sins and behaves unfaithfully toward Jehovah by deceiving his neighbor in connection with something entrusted to him, or something deposited with him, or he robs or defrauds his neighbor, <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>or he finds something lost and is deceptive about it, and if he swears falsely over any such sin he may commit, this is what he should do: <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>If he has sinned and is guilty, he must return what he stole, what he extorted, what he took by fraud, what was entrusted to him, or the lost thing that he found,</p><p></p><p>Or “a soul.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
