<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, July 18
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p53" data-pid="53">Sunday, July 18</h2>
</header>
<p id="p54" data-pid="54" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah’s day is coming exactly as a thief in the night.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Thess. 5:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p55" data-pid="55" class="p55">In the short time remaining before his “day” begins, Jehovah expects us to keep busy in the preaching work. We need to make sure that we are “having plenty to do in the work of the Lord.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 15:58</a>) When Jesus spoke about all the significant things that would happen during the last days, he added: “Also, in all the nations, the good news has to be preached first.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Mark 13:4,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 8,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 10;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Matt. 24:14</a>) Just think: Every time you go in the ministry, you are having a share in fulfilling that Bible prophecy! Year by year, the Kingdom-preaching work is moving ahead. For example, think about the increase in the number of Kingdom proclaimers worldwide during the last days. In 1914, there were 5,155 publishers in 43 lands. Today, there are some 8.5 million publishers in 240 lands! Even so, our work is not yet over. We must keep proclaiming God’s Kingdom as the only solution to all mankind’s problems.​—<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Ps. 145:11-13</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>8 ¶3;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted18.xhtml#pcitation2"> 9-10 ¶7-8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:2)</strong></a> For you yourselves know very well that Jehovah’s* day is coming exactly as a thief in the night.</p><p></p><p>See App. A5.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:58)</strong></a> Therefore, my beloved brothers, be steadfast, immovable, always having plenty to do in the work of the Lord, knowing that your labor is not in vain* in connection with the Lord.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “empty.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Mark 13:4)</strong></a> “Tell us, when will these things be, and what will be the sign when all these things are to come to a conclusion?”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Mark 13:8)</strong></a> “For nation will rise against nation and kingdom against kingdom; there will be earthquakes in one place after another; there will also be food shortages. These are a beginning of pangs of distress.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Mark 13:10)</strong></a> Also, in all the nations, the good news has to be preached first.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Matt. 24:14)</strong></a> And this good news of the Kingdom will be preached in all the inhabited earth for a witness to all the nations, and then the end will come.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Ps. 145:11-13)</strong></a> They will proclaim the glory of your kingship And speak about your mightiness, <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>To make known to men your mighty acts And the glorious splendor of your kingship. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Your kingship is an eternal kingship, And your dominion endures throughout all generations.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
