<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, July 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Friday, July 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp"><em>The plans of the diligent surely lead to success.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 21:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">God can give you “the power to act” and carry out a decision. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Phil. 2:13</a>) So pray for the strength to act. Ask Jehovah for his holy spirit to give you the power you need. Continue praying even if an answer to your request seems to be delayed. As Jesus said: “Keep on asking, and it [holy spirit] will be given you.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Luke 11:9,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 13</a>) Also, create a plan. To complete any project you start, you need a plan. Then you need to work according to that plan. Likewise, when you make a decision, list the specific steps you intend to follow to implement that decision. Breaking larger jobs into smaller tasks can help you track your progress more easily. The apostle Paul encouraged the Corinthians to set something aside for their contribution “on the first day of every week” rather than wait and try to collect funds when he arrived. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">1 Cor. 16:2</a>) Breaking large jobs into small tasks can also keep you from feeling overwhelmed. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>29 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 21:5)</strong></a> The plans of the diligent surely lead to success,* But all who are hasty surely head for poverty.</p><p></p><p>Or “advantage.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:13)</strong></a> For God is the one who for the sake of his good pleasure energizes you, giving you both the desire and the power to act.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Luke 11:9)</strong></a> So I say to you, keep on asking, and it will be given you; keep on seeking, and you will find; keep on knocking, and it will be opened to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 11:13)</strong></a> Therefore, if you, although being wicked, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more so will the Father in heaven give holy spirit to those asking him!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 16:2)</strong></a> On the first day of every week, each of you should set something aside according to his own means, so that collections will not take place when I arrive.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
