<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, July 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021406"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><strong>July</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Thursday, July 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp"><em>Let your petitions be made known to God.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 4:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">When others speak harshly or act unkindly, we may feel anxious. That is especially true if the one who hurt us is a close friend or relative. In dealing with anxiety, we can learn much from the Bible example of Hannah, who was severely taunted by her husband’s second wife. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Sam. 1:12</a>) Like Hannah, we can talk at length to Jehovah about our anxieties and fears. Our prayers do not have to be poetic or perfectly structured. We may even find ourselves expressing bitter words that are interrupted by sobs of grief. Even so, Jehovah will never get tired of listening to us. In addition to praying about our problems, we need to remember the advice recorded at <span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Philippians 4:6, 7</a>. The apostle Paul specifically mentioned that we should offer prayers of thanksgiving, or gratitude. We have so many reasons to thank Jehovah​—including the gift of life, his creative works, his loyal love, and the wonderful hope that he has given us. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.02 </em>21 ¶3;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021406-extracted.xhtml#pcitation2"> 22 ¶6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:6)</strong></a> Do not be anxious over anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication along with thanksgiving, let your petitions be made known to God;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 1:12)</strong></a> While she prayed for a long time before Jehovah, Eʹli was watching her mouth.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:6, 7)</strong></a> Do not be anxious over anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication along with thanksgiving, let your petitions be made known to God; <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>and the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and your mental powers* by means of Christ Jesus.</p><p></p><p>Or “your minds; your thoughts.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
