<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, August 31
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p92" data-pid="92">Tuesday, August 31</h2>
</header>
<p id="p93" data-pid="93" class="themeScrp"><em>I have called you friends.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 15:15</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p94" data-pid="94" class="p94">Good friends will help us to stay loyal to Jehovah. And the best way to make good friends is to be a good friend. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 7:12</a>) For example, the Bible encourages us to expend ourselves in behalf of others, especially those who are “in need.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eph. 4:28</a>) When we are absorbed in helping others, we are more likely to be happy. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Acts 20:35</a>) The friends we make will support us when we face trials, helping us to maintain our inner peace. Just as Elihu listened when Job spoke about his trials, our friends help us by patiently listening as we put our concerns into words. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Job 32:4</a>) We should not expect our friends to make decisions for us, but we are wise if we listen to their Bible-based advice. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Prov. 15:22</a>) And just as King David humbly accepted the help of his friends, we should not be too proud to accept the help our friends offer when we are in need. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">2 Sam. 17:27-29</a>) Really, such good friends are a gift from Jehovah.​—<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Jas. 1:17</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>11 ¶12;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted31.xhtml#pcitation2"> 12 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p id="p95" data-pid="95" class="p95"></p>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 15:15)</strong></a> I no longer call you slaves, because a slave does not know what his master does. But I have called you friends, because I have made known to you all the things I have heard from my Father.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 7:12)</strong></a> “All things, therefore, that you want men to do to you, you also must do to them. This, in fact, is what the Law and the Prophets mean.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:28)</strong></a> Let the one who steals steal no more; rather, let him do hard work, doing good work with his hands, so that he may have something to share with someone in need.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 20:35)</strong></a> I have shown you in all things that by working hard in this way, you must assist those who are weak and must keep in mind the words of the Lord Jesus, when he himself said: ‘There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Job 32:4)</strong></a> E·liʹhu had been waiting to respond to Job, because they were older than he was.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Prov. 15:22)</strong></a> Plans fail when there is no consultation,* But there is accomplishment through many advisers.*</p><p></p><p>Or “confidential talk.”</p><p>Or “counselors.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 17:27-29)</strong></a> As soon as David came to Ma·ha·naʹim, Shoʹbi the son of Naʹhash from Rabʹbah of the Amʹmon·ites, Maʹchir the son of Amʹmi·el from Lo-deʹbar, and Bar·zilʹlai the Gilʹe·ad·ite from Ro·geʹlim <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>brought beds, basins, clay pots, wheat, barley, flour, roasted grain, broad beans, lentils, parched grain, <strong><sup>29 </sup></strong>honey, butter, sheep, and cheese.* They brought all of this out for David and the people with him to eat, for they said: “The people are hungry and tired and thirsty in the wilderness.”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “curds of cattle.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Jas. 1:17)</strong></a> Every good gift and every perfect present is from above, coming down from the Father of the celestial lights, who does not vary or change like the shifting shadows.*</p><p></p><p>Or “with whom there is not a variation of the turning of the shadow.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
