<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, August 17
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p50" data-pid="50">Tuesday, August 17</h2>
</header>
<p id="p51" data-pid="51" class="themeScrp"><em>Do not forget to do good and to share what you have with others, for God is well-pleased with such sacrifices.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 13:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p52" data-pid="52" class="p52">Jehovah promised Simeon, a loyal older man in Jerusalem, that he would not see death before he laid eyes on the Messiah. That promise must have encouraged Simeon greatly, since he had been waiting many years for the Messiah. His faith and endurance were rewarded. One day, “under the power of the spirit,” he came into the temple. There he saw the infant Jesus, and Jehovah used Simeon to deliver a prophecy about this child who would become the Christ. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted17.xhtml#citation2">Luke 2:25-35</a>) Although Simeon likely did not live long enough to see Jesus carry out his earthly ministry, Simeon was grateful for the privilege he had, and the best is yet to come for him! In the new world, that faithful man will see how Jesus’ rulership will be a blessing to all the families of the earth. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Gen. 22:18</a>) We too can be grateful for any privilege Jehovah gives us in his service. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>22 ¶7;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted17.xhtml#pcitation2"> 23 ¶12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 13:16)</strong></a> Moreover, do not forget to do good and to share what you have with others, for God is well-pleased with such sacrifices.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Gen. 22:18)</strong></a> And by means of your offspring* all nations of the earth will obtain a blessing for themselves because you have listened to my voice.’”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “seed.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
