<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, August 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Friday, August 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>I am distressed and extremely downcast; I walk around sad all day long.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 38:6</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">At times, King David was overwhelmed by stress. Think of the challenges he faced. He was weighed down with guilt for the many mistakes he had made. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 40:12</a>) His beloved son Absalom rebelled against him, leading to Absalom’s death. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Sam. 15:13, 14;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 18:33</a>) And one of David’s closest friends betrayed him. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">2 Sam. 16:23–17:2;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> Ps. 55:12-14</a>) Many of the psalms David wrote convey his feelings of discouragement as well as his unshakable trust in Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Ps. 38:5-10;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> 94:17-19</a>) Later a psalmist began to envy the lifestyle of wicked people. He may have been a descendant of the Levite Asaph, and he served at “the grand sanctuary of God.” This psalmist suffered emotional stress, causing him to become unhappy and discontented. He even started to doubt the blessings that come from serving God.​—<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">Ps. 73:2-5,</a><span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10"> 7,</a><span id="citationsource11"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation11"> 12-14,</a><span id="citationsource12"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation12"> 16, 17,</a><span id="citationsource13"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation13"> 21</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>17 ¶12-13</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 38:6)</strong></a> I am distressed and extremely downcast; I walk around sad all day long.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 40:12)</strong></a> The calamities surrounding me are too many to count. So many of my errors overwhelm me that I cannot see my way; They are more numerous than the hairs of my head, And I have lost heart.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 15:13, 14)</strong></a> In time an informer came to David, saying: “The heart of the men of Israel has turned to Abʹsa·lom.” <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>At once David said to all his servants with him in Jerusalem: “Get up, and let us run away, for none of us will escape from Abʹsa·lom! Hurry, for fear he may quickly overtake us and bring disaster on us and strike the city with the sword!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 18:33)</strong></a> This disturbed the king, and he went up to the roof chamber over the gateway and wept, saying as he walked: “My son Abʹsa·lom, my son, my son Abʹsa·lom! If only I had died instead of you, Abʹsa·lom my son, my son!”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Sam. 16:23-17:2)</strong></a> In those days the advice that A·hithʹo·phel gave was considered as* the word of the true God. That was how all the advice of A·hithʹo·phel was esteemed, both by David and by Abʹsa·lom. </p><p><strong>17 </strong>A·hithʹo·phel then said to Abʹsa·lom: “Please let me choose 12,000 men and rise up and chase after David tonight. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>I will come upon him when he is weary and powerless,* and I will throw him into a panic; and all the people who are with him will flee, and I will strike down only the king.</p><p></p><p>Or “was as if someone were inquiring of.”</p><p>Or “feeble in both hands.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Ps. 55:12-14)</strong></a> For it is not an enemy who taunts me; Otherwise I could put up with it. It is not a foe who has risen up against me; Otherwise I could conceal myself from him. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>But it is you, a man like me,* My own companion whom I know well. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>We used to enjoy a warm friendship together; Into the house of God we used to walk along with the multitude.</p><p></p><p>Or “a man, my equal.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Ps. 38:5-10)</strong></a> My wounds stink and fester Because of my foolishness.  <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>I am distressed and extremely downcast; I walk around sad all day long.  <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>There is a burning within me;* My whole body is sick.  <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>I have grown numb and become completely crushed; My anguished heart makes me groan aloud.*  <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>O Jehovah, all my desires are before you, And my sighing is not hidden from you. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>My heart pounds, my strength is gone, And the light of my eyes has left me.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “My loins are full of burning.”</p><p>Or “roar.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Ps. 94:17-19)</strong></a> If Jehovah had not been my helper, I* would soon have perished.* <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>When I said: “My foot is slipping,” Your loyal love, O Jehovah, kept supporting me. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>When anxieties* overwhelmed me,* You comforted and soothed me.*</p><p></p><p>Or “My soul.”</p><p>Lit., “resided in silence.”</p><p>Or “disquieting thoughts.”</p><p>Or “became many inside of me.”</p><p>Or “Your consolations soothed my soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Ps. 73:2-5)</strong></a> As for me, my feet had almost strayed; My steps had nearly slipped.  <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>For I became envious of the arrogant* When I would see the peace of the wicked.  <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>For they have no pain in their death; Their bodies are healthy.*  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>They are not troubled like other humans, Nor do they suffer like other men.</p><p></p><p>Or “boasters.”</p><p>Or “Their paunch is fat.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(Ps. 73:7)</strong></a> Their prosperity* makes their eyes bulge; They have exceeded the imaginations of the heart.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “fat.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation11"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource11">^ <strong>(Ps. 73:12-14)</strong></a> Yes, these are the wicked, who always have it easy. They keep increasing their wealth. <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>Surely in vain I have kept my heart pure And washed my hands in innocence. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>And I was troubled all day long; Every morning I was chastised.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation12"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource12">^ <strong>(Ps. 73:16, 17)</strong></a> When I tried to understand it, It was troubling to me <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Until I entered the grand sanctuary of God, And I discerned their future.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation13"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource13">^ <strong>(Ps. 73:21)</strong></a> But my heart was sour, And deep inside* I felt sharp pain.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “in my kidneys.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
