<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, August 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Saturday, August 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>The way I am aiming my blows is so as not to be striking the air.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Cor. 9:26</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">A clear plan that you put in writing can help you turn your decisions into action. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Cor. 14:40</a>) For instance, bodies of elders are directed to assign an elder to record each decision of the body of elders, including who is assigned to follow through and the suggested date for completion. Elders who follow this direction are more likely to carry out their decisions. You could try to do something similar with your personal affairs. For example, you could prepare a daily to-do list and arrange the items in the order you intend to handle them. This can help you not only to complete what you start but also to get more done in less time. But you will need to exert yourself. It takes effort to follow your plan and complete what you start. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 12:11</a>) The apostle Paul told Timothy to “continue applying” himself and to “persevere” in becoming a better teacher. That advice applies equally to other spiritual goals.​—<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Tim. 4:13,</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 16</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>29-30 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 9:26)</strong></a> Therefore, the way I am running is not aimlessly; the way I am aiming my blows is so as not to be striking the air;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 14:40)</strong></a> But let all things take place decently and by arrangement.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:11)</strong></a> Be industrious, not lazy.* Be aglow with the spirit. Slave for Jehovah.</p><p></p><p>Or “Do not loiter at your business.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 4:13)</strong></a> Until I come, continue applying yourself to public reading, to exhortation,* to teaching.</p><p></p><p>Or “encouragement.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 4:16)</strong></a> Pay constant attention to yourself and to your teaching. Persevere in these things, for by doing this you will save both yourself and those who listen to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
