<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, August 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Saturday, August 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class="themeScrp"><em>We are not ignorant of </em>[<em>Satan’s</em>] <em>designs.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Cor. 2:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">Satan appeals to natural desires. We have a natural desire to learn skills that can help us provide for ourselves and our families. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Tim. 5:8</a>) Often, we can gain those skills by attending school and being diligent students. But we must be cautious. The educational system in many countries teaches students not only practical skills but also human philosophy. Students are encouraged to question the existence of God and to disregard the Bible. They are told that the theory of evolution is the only intelligent explanation for the origin of life. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 1:21-23</a>) Such teachings are opposed to “the wisdom of God.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 Cor. 1:19-21;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 3:18-20</a>) Be determined never to be taken captive “by means of the philosophy and empty deception” of Satan’s world. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Col. 2:8</a>) Continually guard against Satan’s tactics. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">1 Cor. 3:18</a>) Never allow him to blur your view of Jehovah. Live by Jehovah’s high moral standards. And do not let Satan trick you into ignoring Jehovah’s advice. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>5 ¶13;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation2"> 7 ¶17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 2:11)</strong></a> so that we may not be overreached by Satan, for we are not ignorant of his designs.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Tim. 5:8)</strong></a> Certainly if anyone does not provide for those who are his own, and especially for those who are members of his household, he has disowned the faith and is worse than a person without faith.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:21-23)</strong></a> For although they knew God, they did not glorify him as God nor did they thank him, but they became empty-headed in their reasonings and their senseless hearts became darkened. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>Although claiming they were wise, they became foolish <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>and turned the glory of the incorruptible God into something like the image of corruptible man and birds and four-footed creatures and reptiles.*</p><p></p><p>Or “creeping things.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 1:19-21)</strong></a> For it is written: “I will make the wisdom of the wise men perish, and the intelligence of the intellectuals I will reject.”* <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>Where is the wise man? Where is the scribe? Where is the debater of this system of things? Has not God made the wisdom of the world foolish? <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>For since, in the wisdom of God, the world did not get to know God through its wisdom, God was pleased through the foolishness of what is preached to save those believing.</p><p></p><p>Or “shove aside.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 3:18-20)</strong></a> Let no one deceive himself: If anyone among you thinks he is wise in this system of things, let him become a fool, so that he may become wise. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God, for it is written: “He catches the wise in their own cunning.” <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>And again: “Jehovah knows that the reasonings of the wise men are futile.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Col. 2:8)</strong></a> Look out that no one takes you captive* by means of the philosophy and empty deception according to human tradition, according to the elementary things of the world and not according to Christ;</p><p></p><p>Or “carries you off as his prey.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 3:18)</strong></a> Let no one deceive himself: If anyone among you thinks he is wise in this system of things, let him become a fool, so that he may become wise.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
