<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, August 25
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p74" data-pid="74">Wednesday, August 25</h2>
</header>
<p id="p75" data-pid="75" class="themeScrp"><em>You must not prophesy in the name of Jehovah, or you will die by our hand.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Jer. 11:21</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p76" data-pid="76" class="p76">For at least 40 years, Jeremiah lived among disloyal people, including neighbors and possibly some relatives from his hometown of Anathoth. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Jer. 12:6</a>) However, he did not isolate himself. In fact, he expressed his feelings to his loyal secretary Baruch and ultimately to us. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Jer. 8:21;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 9:1;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 20:14-18;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 45:1</a>) We can well imagine that as Baruch wrote down Jeremiah’s eventful story, the two developed deep affection and respect for each other. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Jer. 20:1, 2;</a><span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8"> 26:7-11</a>) For many years, Jeremiah had boldly warned the Israelites about what was going to happen to Jerusalem. (<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">Jer. 25:3</a>) In a further attempt to move the people to repentance, Jehovah asked Jeremiah to write His warnings on a scroll. (<span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10">Jer. 36:1-4</a>) As Jeremiah and Baruch worked closely together on this God-given task, which probably lasted several months, they no doubt had faith-strengthening conversations. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted25.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>2-3 ¶3-4</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Jer. 11:21)</strong></a> Therefore this is what Jehovah says against the men of Anʹa·thoth who are seeking to take your life* and who say: “You must not prophesy in the name of Jehovah, or you will die by our hand”;</p><p></p><p>Or “seeking your soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Jer. 12:6)</strong></a> For even your own brothers, the household of your own father, Have dealt treacherously with you. They have raised a loud cry against you. Do not put faith in them, Even if they speak good things to you.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Jer. 8:21)</strong></a> I am shattered over the breakdown of the daughter of my people; I am dejected. Horror has seized me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Jer. 9:1)</strong></a> O that my head were waters, My eyes a fountain of tears! Then I would weep day and night For the slain ones of my people.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Jer. 20:14-18)</strong></a> Cursed be the day I was born! May the day my mother gave birth to me not be blessed! <strong><sup>15 </sup></strong>Cursed be the man who brought good news to my father, saying: “A son has been born to you, a boy!” Making him rejoice greatly. <strong><sup>16 </sup></strong>May that man become like cities that Jehovah overthrew without regret. May he hear an outcry in the morning and the sound of alarm at midday. <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>Why did he not put me to death in the womb, So that my mother would become my burial place And her womb would always remain pregnant? <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>Why did I have to come out of the womb To see trouble and grief, To end my days in shame?</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Jer. 45:1)</strong></a> This is the word that Jeremiah the prophet spoke to Barʹuch the son of Ne·riʹah when he wrote in a book these words dictated by Jeremiah in the fourth year of Je·hoiʹa·kim son of Jo·siʹah, the king of Judah:</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Jer. 20:1, 2)</strong></a> Now Pashʹhur the son of Imʹmer, the priest, who was also the leading commissioner in the house of Jehovah, was listening when Jeremiah prophesied these things. <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>Then Pashʹhur struck Jeremiah the prophet and put him in the stocks that were at the Upper Gate of Benjamin, which was in the house of Jehovah.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Jer. 26:7-11)</strong></a> And the priests and the prophets and all the people heard Jeremiah speaking these words in the house of Jehovah. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>So when Jeremiah had finished speaking all that Jehovah had commanded him to speak to all the people, then the priests and the prophets and all the people seized him and said: “You will surely die. <strong><sup>9 </sup></strong>Why have you prophesied in the name of Jehovah, saying, ‘This house will become like Shiʹloh, and this city will be devastated and left without an inhabitant’?” And all the people gathered around Jeremiah in the house of Jehovah. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>When the princes of Judah heard these words, they came up from the house* of the king to the house of Jehovah and sat down at the entrance of the new gate of Jehovah. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>The priests and the prophets said to the princes and to all the people: “This man deserves the death penalty, because he has prophesied against this city just as you have heard with your own ears.”</p><p></p><p>Or “palace.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Jer. 25:3)</strong></a> “From the 13th year of Jo·siʹah son of Aʹmon, the king of Judah, to this day, these 23 years, the word of Jehovah has come to me, and I kept speaking to you again and again,* but you would not listen.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “rising up early and speaking.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(Jer. 36:1-4)</strong></a> Now in the fourth year of Je·hoiʹa·kim son of Jo·siʹah, the king of Judah, this word came to Jeremiah from Jehovah, saying: <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>“Take a scroll* and write in it all the words that I have spoken to you against Israel and Judah and all the nations, from the first day I spoke to you in the days of Jo·siʹah to this day. <strong><sup>3 </sup></strong>Perhaps when those of the house of Judah hear of all the calamity that I intend to bring on them, they may turn back from their evil ways, so that I may forgive their error and their sin.” <strong><sup>4 </sup></strong>Jeremiah then called Barʹuch the son of Ne·riʹah, and Jeremiah dictated all the words that Jehovah had spoken to him, and Barʹuch wrote them in the scroll.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “a scroll of a book.”</p><p>Lit., “the scroll of the book.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
