<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, August 20
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p59" data-pid="59">Friday, August 20</h2>
</header>
<p id="p60" data-pid="60" class="themeScrp"><em>Take up the large shield of faith.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Eph. 6:16</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p61" data-pid="61" class="p61">In ancient times, a soldier would feel humiliated if he returned home without his shield. The Roman historian Tacitus wrote: “To have abandoned one’s shield is the height of disgrace.” That is one reason why soldiers made sure to keep a firm hold on their shields. We keep a firm hold on our shield of faith by regularly attending Christian meetings and by speaking about Jehovah’s name and his Kingdom to others. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Heb. 10:23-25</a>) In addition, we prayerfully read God’s Word every day and apply its counsel and direction in all that we do. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Tim. 3:16, 17</a>) Then, no weapon that Satan uses against us will cause us any lasting harm. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Isa. 54:17</a>) Our “large shield of faith” will protect us. We will stand firm, shoulder to shoulder with our brothers and sisters. And we will do more than win our daily battles​—we will have the honor of being on Jesus’ side when he wins the war against Satan and his followers.​—<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Rev. 17:14;</a><span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6"> 20:10</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted20.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.11 </em>19 ¶18-19</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Eph. 6:16)</strong></a> Besides all of this, take up the large shield of faith, with which you will be able to extinguish all the wicked one’s burning arrows.*</p><p></p><p>Or “missiles; darts.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Heb. 10:23-25)</strong></a> Let us hold firmly the public declaration of our hope without wavering, for the one who promised is faithful. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>And let us consider* one another so as to incite* to love and fine works, <strong><sup>25 </sup></strong>not forsaking our meeting together, as some have the custom, but encouraging one another, and all the more so as you see the day drawing near.</p><p></p><p>Or “be concerned about; pay attention to.”</p><p>Or “motivate; stir up.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:16, 17)</strong></a> All Scripture is inspired of God and beneficial for teaching, for reproving, for setting things straight,* for disciplining in righteousness, <strong><sup>17 </sup></strong>so that the man of God may be fully competent, completely equipped for every good work.</p><p></p><p>Or “correcting.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Isa. 54:17)</strong></a> No weapon formed against you will have any success, And you will condemn any tongue that rises up against you in the judgment. This is the heritage* of the servants of Jehovah, And their righteousness is from me,” declares Jehovah.</p><p></p><p>Or “inheritance.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rev. 17:14)</strong></a> These will battle with the Lamb, but because he is Lord of lords and King of kings, the Lamb will conquer them. Also, those with him who are called and chosen and faithful will do so.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Rev. 20:10)</strong></a> And the Devil who was misleading them was hurled into the lake of fire and sulfur, where both the wild beast and the false prophet already were; and they will be tormented* day and night forever and ever.</p><p></p><p>Or “restrained; imprisoned.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
