<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, August 14
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p41" data-pid="41">Saturday, August 14</h2>
</header>
<p id="p42" data-pid="42" class="themeScrp"><em>Should we not more readily submit ourselves to the Father?​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Heb. 12:9</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p43" data-pid="43" class="p43">One reason why we might find it a challenge to submit to Jehovah is that we all inherited sin and are imperfect. So we have rebellious tendencies. After Adam and Eve rebelled against God and ate the forbidden fruit, they set their own standards. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 3:22</a>) Today, most of mankind still prefer to ignore Jehovah and decide for themselves what is right and what is wrong. Even those who know and love Jehovah may struggle to submit fully to him. The apostle Paul faced this challenge. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Rom. 7:21-23</a>) Like Paul, we want to do what is right in Jehovah’s eyes. But we must constantly fight the tendency to do wrong things. Another reason why it can be a challenge to submit to Jehovah is that we are influenced by the culture in which we were raised. Many human ideas are in conflict with Jehovah’s will, and it can be a constant struggle to free ourselves from common ways of thinking. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted14.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>15 ¶4-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Heb. 12:9)</strong></a> Furthermore, our human fathers* used to discipline us, and we gave them respect. Should we not more readily submit ourselves to the Father of our spiritual life and live?</p><p></p><p>Lit., “the fathers of our flesh.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:22)</strong></a> Jehovah God then said: “Here the man has become like one of us in knowing good and bad. Now in order that he may not put his hand out and take fruit also from the tree of life and eat and live forever,*—”</p><p></p><p>Or “to time indefinite.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Rom. 7:21-23)</strong></a> I find, then, this law in my case: When I wish to do what is right, what is bad is present with me. <strong><sup>22 </sup></strong>I really delight in the law of God according to the man I am within, <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>but I see in my body another law warring against the law of my mind and leading me captive to sin’s law that is in my body.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
