<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, August 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Thursday, August 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class="themeScrp"><em>Men will be lovers of themselves.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">2 Tim. 3:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">The world has encouraged an inflated view of self. One reference work says that during the 1970’s “self-help books proliferated.” Some books “urged readers to know and accept themselves and to celebrate who they were.” Consider, for example, the statement made in one such book: “Be in love with the most beautiful, exciting, worthy person ever​—you.” The book advocates a “religion of the self in which an individual determines his own behavior based upon his own conscience and the laws of his culture that work for him.” Does that idea sound familiar to you? Satan encouraged Eve to do something similar. He said that she could “be like God, knowing good and bad.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 3:5</a>) Today, many think so highly of themselves that in their opinion no one​—not even God—​can tell them what is right and what is wrong. For example, that attitude has become especially evident in the way people view marriage. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.05 </em>23 ¶10-11</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(2 Tim. 3:2)</strong></a> For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, disloyal,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 3:5)</strong></a> For God knows that in the very day you eat from it, your eyes will be opened and you will be like God, knowing good and bad.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
