<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, August 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021407"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><strong>August</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Sunday, August 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp"><em>The One who sent me is with me; he did not abandon me.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 8:29</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">Even while being persecuted, Jesus had inner peace because he knew that he was making his Father happy. He remained obedient when it was difficult for him to do so. He loved his Father and built his whole life around serving Jehovah. Before he came to earth, he was God’s “master worker.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Prov. 8:30</a>) And while on earth, he zealously taught others about his Father. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 6:9;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> John 5:17</a>) That work brought Jesus great joy. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">John 4:34-36</a>) We can imitate Jesus by obeying Jehovah and “always having plenty to do in the work of the Lord.” (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">1 Cor. 15:58</a>) When we are “intensely occupied” in the preaching work, we are better able to put our troubles into perspective. (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Acts 18:5</a>) For example, those we meet in our ministry often face worse problems than we do. Yet, when they learn to love Jehovah and apply his counsel, their lives improve and they become happier. Each time we see that happen, we feel more confident that Jehovah will care for us. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021407-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>10-11 ¶8-9</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 8:29)</strong></a> And the One who sent me is with me; he did not abandon me to myself, because I always do the things pleasing to him.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Prov. 8:30)</strong></a> Then I was beside him as a master worker. I was the one he was especially fond of day by day; I rejoiced before him all the time;</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 6:9)</strong></a> “You must pray, then, this way: “‘Our Father in the heavens, let your name be sanctified.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(John 5:17)</strong></a> But he answered them: “My Father has kept working until now, and I keep working.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(John 4:34-36)</strong></a> Jesus said to them: “My food is to do the will of him who sent me and to finish his work. <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>Do you not say that there are yet four months before the harvest comes? Look! I say to you: Lift up your eyes and view the fields, that they are white for harvesting. Already <strong><sup>36 </sup></strong>the reaper is receiving wages and gathering fruit for everlasting life, so that the sower and the reaper may rejoice together.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Cor. 15:58)</strong></a> Therefore, my beloved brothers, be steadfast, immovable, always having plenty to do in the work of the Lord, knowing that your labor is not in vain* in connection with the Lord.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “empty.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Acts 18:5)</strong></a> When, now, both Silas and Timothy came down from Mac·e·doʹni·a, Paul began to be intensely occupied with the word, witnessing to the Jews to prove that Jesus is the Christ.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
