<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, September 2
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p5" data-pid="5">Thursday, September 2</h2>
</header>
<p id="p6" data-pid="6" class="themeScrp"><em>Christ suffered for you, leaving a model for you to follow his steps closely.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 2:21</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p7" data-pid="7" class="p7">Avoid telling stories about the demons. In this regard, we want to imitate the example set by Jesus. Before he came to earth, Jesus lived in heaven, and he knew a lot about Satan and the demons. But he did not relate stories about what those wicked spirits had done. Jesus wanted to be a witness of Jehovah, not a publicity agent for Satan. We can imitate Jesus by not spreading stories about the demons. Instead, we show by our words that our “heart is stirred by something good,” that is, the truth. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 45:1</a>) Do not be terrified of wicked spirits. In this imperfect world, bad things may happen to us. Accidents, sickness, or even death may come without warning. But we should not think that invisible spirits are responsible. The Bible explains that “time and unexpected events” can overtake anyone. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Eccl. 9:11</a>) As for the demons, Jehovah has shown that he is far more powerful than they are. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted2.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.04 </em>23-24 ¶13-14</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:21)</strong></a> In fact, to this course you were called, because even Christ suffered for you, leaving a model for you to follow his steps closely.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 45:1)</strong></a> My heart is stirred by something good. I say: “My song is* about a king.” May my tongue be the stylus* of a skilled copyist.*</p><p></p><p>Lit., “My works are.”</p><p>Or “pen.”</p><p>Or “scribe.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Eccl. 9:11)</strong></a> I have seen something further under the sun, that the swift do not always win the race, nor do the mighty win the battle, nor do the wise always have the food, nor do the intelligent always have the riches, nor do those with knowledge always have success, because time and unexpected events* overtake them all.</p><p></p><p>Or “unforeseen occurrence.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
