<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, September 23
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p68" data-pid="68">Thursday, September 23</h2>
</header>
<p id="p69" data-pid="69" class="themeScrp"><em>Jehovah God went on to form the man out of dust from the ground and to blow into his nostrils the breath of life.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Gen. 2:7</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p70" data-pid="70" class="p70">Even though we are made from the dust of the earth, we are worth far more than a handful of dirt. Consider just some of the reasons why we know that we are valuable to Jehovah. He created humans with the ability to reflect his qualities. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Gen. 1:27</a>) In doing so, he elevated us above the rest of physical creation, putting us in charge of the earth and the animals. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 8:4-8</a>) Even after Adam sinned, Jehovah continued to value humans. He values us so highly that he gave his beloved Son, Jesus, as a ransom for our sins. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">1 John 4:9, 10</a>) Applying the benefits of the ransom, Jehovah will resurrect those who have died as a result of Adam’s sin, “both the righteous and the unrighteous.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Acts 24:15</a>) His Word shows that we are precious to him no matter what our health condition, financial situation, or age may be.​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Acts 10:34, 35</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted23.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>15 ¶5-6</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Gen. 2:7)</strong></a> And Jehovah God went on to form the man out of dust from the ground and to blow into his nostrils the breath of life, and the man became a living person.*</p><p></p><p>Or “soul.” Hebrew, <em>neʹphesh, </em>which literally means “a breathing creature.” See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Gen. 1:27)</strong></a> And God went on to create the man in his image, in God’s image he created him; male and female he created them.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 8:4-8)</strong></a> What is mortal man that you keep him in mind, And a son of man that you take care of him?  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>You made him a little lower than godlike ones,* And you crowned him with glory and splendor.  <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>You gave him dominion over the works of your hands; You have put everything under his feet:  <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>All the flocks and cattle, As well as the wild animals,*  <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>The birds of the heavens and the fish of the sea, Whatever passes through the paths of the seas.</p><p></p><p>Or “than angels.”</p><p>Lit., “the beasts of the field.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(1 John 4:9, 10)</strong></a> By this the love of God was revealed in our case, that God sent his only-begotten Son into the world so that we might gain life through him. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>The love is in this respect, not that we have loved God, but that he loved us and sent his Son as a propitiatory sacrifice* for our sins.</p><p></p><p>Or “an atoning sacrifice; a means of appeasement.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 24:15)</strong></a> And I have hope toward God, which hope these men also look forward to, that there is going to be a resurrection of both the righteous and the unrighteous.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Acts 10:34, 35)</strong></a> At this Peter began to speak, and he said: “Now I truly understand that God is not partial, <strong><sup>35 </sup></strong>but in every nation the man who fears him and does what is right is acceptable to him.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
