<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, September 13
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p38" data-pid="38">Monday, September 13</h2>
</header>
<p id="p39" data-pid="39" class="themeScrp"><em>Everyone proud in heart is detestable to Jehovah.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Prov. 16:5</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p40" data-pid="40" class="p40">Elders work hard for the benefit of their brothers and sisters. And they do not let their authority make them unduly proud. Instead, they treat the congregation tenderly. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Thess. 2:7, 8</a>) Their deep love and humble attitude affect how they speak to others. Andrew, an experienced elder, says: “I have found that the brothers and sisters generally respond well to an elder’s kindness and genuine warmth. These qualities motivate the congregation to cooperate with the elders.” Another longtime elder, named Tony, comments: “I try to apply the counsel found at <span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Philippians 2:3</a> and constantly work at viewing others as superior to me. This helps me to avoid acting like a dictator.” Elders must be humble, just as Jehovah is humble. Although Jehovah is the Sovereign of the universe, he “stoops down” to raise “the lowly from the dust.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 18:35;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 113:6, 7</a>) In fact, Jehovah detests those who are proud and arrogant. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted13.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.09 </em>16-17 ¶11-12</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Prov. 16:5)</strong></a> Everyone proud in heart is detestable to Jehovah. Be assured* that he will not go unpunished.</p><p></p><p>Lit., “Hand to hand.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 2:7, 8)</strong></a> On the contrary, we became gentle in your midst, as when a nursing mother tenderly cares for* her own children. <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>So having tender affection for you, we were determined* to impart to you, not only the good news of God but also our very selves,* because you became so beloved to us.</p><p></p><p>Or “cherishes.”</p><p>Lit., “well-pleased.”</p><p>Or “souls.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Phil. 2:3)</strong></a> Do nothing out of contentiousness or out of egotism, but with humility* consider others superior to you,</p><p></p><p>Or “lowliness of mind.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 18:35)</strong></a> You give me your shield of salvation, Your right hand supports* me, And your humility makes me great.</p><p></p><p>Or “sustains.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 113:6, 7)</strong></a> He stoops down to look on heaven and earth,  <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Raising the lowly from the dust. He lifts up the poor from the ash heap*</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “garbage dump.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
