<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, September 7
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p20" data-pid="20">Tuesday, September 7</h2>
</header>
<p id="p21" data-pid="21" class="themeScrp"><em>Even if you should suffer for the sake of righteousness, you are happy.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Pet. 3:14</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p22" data-pid="22" class="p22">Never allow anything that mere humans say or do to make you feel ashamed of being one of Jehovah’s Witnesses. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Mic. 4:5</a>) Consider the example set by the apostles in Jerusalem just after Jesus was put to death. They knew how much the Jewish religious leaders hated them. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 5:17, 18,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 27, 28</a>) Yet, every day they continued to go to the temple and publicly identify themselves as disciples of Jesus. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Acts 5:42</a>) They refused to cower in fear. We too can defeat our own fear of man by regularly and publicly identifying ourselves as Jehovah’s Witnesses​—at work, at school, and in our neighborhood. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Acts 4:29;</a><span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7"> Rom. 1:16</a>) Why were the apostles happy? They knew why they were hated, and they considered it an honor to be mistreated for doing Jehovah’s will. (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Luke 6:23;</a><span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9"> Acts 5:41;</a><span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10"> 1 Pet. 2:19-21</a>) When we understand that we are hated for doing what is right, we will never allow the hatred of men to paralyze us with fear. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted7.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.07 </em>7 ¶19-20</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 3:14)</strong></a> But even if you should suffer for the sake of righteousness, you are happy. However, do not fear what they fear,* nor be disturbed.</p><p></p><p>Or possibly, “do not fear their threats.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Mic. 4:5)</strong></a> For all the peoples will walk, each in the name of its god, But we will walk in the name of Jehovah our God forever and ever.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 5:17, 18)</strong></a> But the high priest rose, and all those with him, who were of the sect of the Sadducees, and they were filled with jealousy. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>And they seized* the apostles and put them in the public jail.</p><p></p><p>Or “arrested.” Lit., “laid hands on.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 5:27, 28)</strong></a> So they brought them and stood them before the Sanʹhe·drin. Then the high priest questioned them <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>and said: “We strictly ordered you not to keep teaching on the basis of this name, and yet look! you have filled Jerusalem with your teaching, and you are determined to bring the blood of this man upon us.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 5:42)</strong></a> And every day in the temple and from house to house they continued without letup teaching and declaring the good news about the Christ, Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Acts 4:29)</strong></a> And now, Jehovah, give attention to their threats, and grant to your slaves to keep speaking your word with all boldness,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:16)</strong></a> For I am not ashamed of the good news; it is, in fact, God’s power for salvation to everyone having faith, to the Jew first and also to the Greek.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Luke 6:23)</strong></a> Rejoice in that day and leap for joy, for look! your reward is great in heaven, for those are the same things their forefathers used to do to the prophets.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Acts 5:41)</strong></a> So they went out from before the Sanʹhe·drin, rejoicing because they had been counted worthy to be dishonored in behalf of his name.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(1 Pet. 2:19-21)</strong></a> For it is agreeable when someone endures hardship* and suffers unjustly because of conscience toward God. <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>For what merit is there if you are beaten for sinning and you endure it? But if you endure suffering because of doing good, this is an agreeable thing to God. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>In fact, to this course you were called, because even Christ suffered for you, leaving a model for you to follow his steps closely.</p><p></p><p>Or “grief; pain.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
