<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Sunday, September 5
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p14" data-pid="14">Sunday, September 5</h2>
</header>
<p id="p15" data-pid="15" class="themeScrp"><em>Stop being molded by this system of things.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Rom. 12:2</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p16" data-pid="16" class="p16">Paul was concerned because some Christians were apparently being influenced by the unwholesome reasonings and philosophies promoted by Satan’s world. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Eph. 4:17-19</a>) That can happen to any one of us. In a desperate attempt to turn us away from Jehovah, Satan, the god of this system of things, uses various tactics. One of them is that of exploiting any tendency we may have toward selfish ambition or self-promotion. He may even use certain aspects of our background, our culture, or our education to bring us over to his way of thinking. Is it possible for us to root out things that are “strongly entrenched” in our minds? (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">2 Cor. 10:4</a>) Notice how Paul answers: “We are overturning reasonings and every lofty thing raised up against the knowledge of God, and we are bringing every thought into captivity to make it obedient to the Christ.” (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">2 Cor. 10:5</a>) Yes, with Jehovah’s help we can actually gain control over wrong reasonings. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted5.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>8 ¶1-3</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Rom. 12:2)</strong></a> And stop being molded by this system of things, but be transformed by making your mind over, so that you may prove to yourselves the good and acceptable and perfect will of God.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Eph. 4:17-19)</strong></a> So this is what I say and bear witness to in the Lord, that you should no longer go on walking just as the nations also walk, in the futility* of their minds. <strong><sup>18 </sup></strong>They are in darkness mentally and alienated from the life that belongs to God, because of the ignorance that is in them, because of the insensitivity* of their hearts. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Having gone past all moral sense, they gave themselves over to brazen conduct* to practice every sort of uncleanness with greediness.</p><p></p><p>Or “emptiness; vanity.”</p><p>Lit., “dulling.”</p><p>Or “shameless conduct.” Greek, <em>a·selʹgei·a. </em>See Glossary.</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 10:4)</strong></a> For the weapons of our warfare are not fleshly, but powerful by God for overturning strongly entrenched things.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(2 Cor. 10:5)</strong></a> For we are overturning reasonings and every lofty thing raised up against the knowledge of God, and we are bringing every thought into captivity to make it obedient to the Christ;</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
