<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Saturday, September 11
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p32" data-pid="32">Saturday, September 11</h2>
</header>
<p id="p33" data-pid="33" class="themeScrp"><em>Be filled with righteous fruit.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Phil. 1:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p34" data-pid="34" class="p34">No doubt this “righteous fruit” included love for Jehovah and his people. That would also include speaking to others about our faith in Jesus and our wonderful hope. We bear “righteous fruit” when we actively share in the most important work of making disciples. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Matt. 28:18-20</a>) No matter what our circumstances, we can shine as illuminators. In some cases, what seems to be an obstacle to declaring the good news may turn out to be an opportunity for us to preach. The apostle Paul, for example, was under house arrest in Rome when he wrote his letter to the Philippians. But his chains did not hold him back from preaching to his captors and to visitors. Paul preached zealously under these circumstances, and this gave the brothers confidence and courage “to speak the word of God fearlessly.”​—<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Phil. 1:12-14;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 4:22</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted11.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.08 </em>12 ¶15-16</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Phil. 1:11)</strong></a> and that you may be filled with righteous fruit, which is through Jesus Christ, to God’s glory and praise.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Matt. 28:18-20)</strong></a> Jesus approached and spoke to them, saying: “All authority has been given me in heaven and on the earth. <strong><sup>19 </sup></strong>Go, therefore, and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit, <strong><sup>20 </sup></strong>teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you. And look! I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Phil. 1:12-14)</strong></a> Now I want you to know, brothers, that my situation has actually turned out for the advancement of the good news, <strong><sup>13 </sup></strong>so that my prison bonds for the sake of Christ have become public knowledge among all the Prae·toʹri·an Guard and all the rest. <strong><sup>14 </sup></strong>Now most of the brothers in the Lord have gained confidence because of my prison bonds, and they are showing all the more courage to speak the word of God fearlessly.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Phil. 4:22)</strong></a> All the holy ones, but especially those of the household of Caesar, send you their greetings.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
