<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Friday, September 24
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p71" data-pid="71">Friday, September 24</h2>
</header>
<p id="p72" data-pid="72" class="themeScrp"><em>Mind your own business.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">1 Thess. 4:11</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p73" data-pid="73" class="p73">A person does not inherit his heavenly hope from his family. He receives it from God. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Thess. 2:12</a>) So avoid asking questions that could hurt others. For example, we would not ask the wife of an anointed brother how she feels about the prospect of living forever on earth without her husband. After all, we can be absolutely sure that in the new world, Jehovah will “satisfy the desire of every living thing.” (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 145:16</a>) If we do not treat anointed ones as more important than others, we also protect ourselves. How? The Bible tells us that some anointed ones might not remain faithful. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Matt. 25:10-12;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 2 Pet. 2:20, 21</a>) But if we avoid “admiring personalities,” we will never follow others, even those who are anointed or well-known or those who have served Jehovah for a long time. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">Jude 16</a>, ftn.) Then, if they become unfaithful or leave the congregation, we will not lose our faith in Jehovah or stop serving him. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted24.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w20.01 </em>29 ¶9-10</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 4:11)</strong></a> Make it your aim to live quietly and to mind your own business and to work with your hands, just as we instructed you,</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 2:12)</strong></a> so that you would go on walking worthily of God, who is calling you to his Kingdom and glory.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 145:16)</strong></a> You open your hand And satisfy the desire of every living thing.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Matt. 25:10-12)</strong></a> While they were going off to buy it, the bridegroom came. The virgins who were ready went in with him to the marriage feast, and the door was shut. <strong><sup>11 </sup></strong>Afterward, the rest of the virgins also came, saying, ‘Sir, Sir, open to us!’ <strong><sup>12 </sup></strong>In answer he said, ‘I tell you the truth, I do not know you.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(2 Pet. 2:20, 21)</strong></a> Certainly if after escaping from the defilements of the world by an accurate knowledge of the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, they get involved again with these very things and are overcome, their final state has become worse for them than the first. <strong><sup>21 </sup></strong>It would have been better for them not to have accurately known the path of righteousness than after knowing it to turn away from the holy commandment they had received.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(Jude 16)</strong></a> These men are murmurers, complainers about their lot in life, following their own desires, and their mouths make grandiose boasts, while they are flattering others* for their own benefit.</p><p></p><p>Or “admiring personalities.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
