<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tuesday, September 21
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p62" data-pid="62">Tuesday, September 21</h2>
</header>
<p id="p63" data-pid="63" class="themeScrp"><em>I have found David . . . a man agreeable to my heart.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 13:22</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p64" data-pid="64" class="p64">How did David come to be so close to Jehovah? David learned about Jehovah from creation. When David was young, he spent many hours outdoors, caring for his father’s sheep. Perhaps it was then that he began to meditate on the things Jehovah had made. For example, as David gazed up at night, not only would he have seen a canopy of stars but he would also have discerned the qualities of the One who made them. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ps. 19:1, 2</a>) When David reflected on the way humans were made, he saw Jehovah’s wonderful wisdom at work. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Ps. 139:14</a>) As David tried to comprehend Jehovah’s works, he felt humbled. (<span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4">Ps. 139:6</a>) What is the lesson for us? In your daily life, meditate on what the creation around you​—the plants, animals, and people—​teaches you about Jehovah. Then each new day will be full of lessons about your loving Father. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Rom. 1:20</a>) And each day you will see your love for him grow more intense. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted21.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>19-20 ¶15-17</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 13:22)</strong></a> After removing him, he raised up for them David as king, about whom he bore witness and said: ‘I have found David the son of Jesʹse a man agreeable to my heart; he will do all the things I desire.’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ps. 19:1, 2)</strong></a> The heavens are declaring the glory of God; The skies above* proclaim the work of his hands.  <strong><sup>2 </sup></strong>Day after day their speech bubbles forth, And night after night they reveal knowledge.</p><p></p><p>Or “expanse.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 139:14)</strong></a> I praise you because in an awe-inspiring way I am wonderfully made. Your works are wonderful, I know* this very well.</p><p></p><p>Or “My soul knows.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 139:6)</strong></a> Such knowledge is beyond my comprehension.* It is too high for me to reach.*</p><p></p><p>Or “is too amazing for me.”</p><p>Or “too much for me to fathom.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Rom. 1:20)</strong></a> For his invisible qualities are clearly seen from the world’s creation onward, because they are perceived by the things made, even his eternal power and Godship, so that they are inexcusable.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
