<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Monday, September 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p17" data-pid="17">Monday, September 6</h2>
</header>
<p id="p18" data-pid="18" class="themeScrp"><em>As for me, drawing near to God is good for me. I have made the Sovereign Lord Jehovah my refuge.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Ps. 73:28</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p19" data-pid="19" class="p19">Although deeply distressed, Hannah, David, and a psalmist all relied on Jehovah for help. They shared their anxiety with him through fervent prayer. They spoke freely to him about the reasons why they were so stressed. And they continued to go to Jehovah’s place of worship. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">1 Sam. 1:9, 10;</a><span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3"> Ps. 55:22;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 73:17;</a><span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5"> 122:1</a>) Jehovah compassionately responded to each one of them. Hannah gained peace of mind. (<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">1 Sam. 1:18</a>) David wrote: “Many are the hardships of the righteous one, but Jehovah rescues him from them all.” (<span id="citationsource7"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation7">Ps. 34:19</a>) And the psalmist later felt that Jehovah had “taken hold of [his] right hand,” guiding him with loving advice. (<span id="citationsource8"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation8">Ps. 73:23, 24</a>) What do we learn from these examples? At times, we will be burdened with problems that cause us stress. But we can cope if we meditate on how Jehovah has helped others, rely on him in prayer, and obey him by doing what he asks us to do.​—<span id="citationsource9"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation9">Ps. 143:1,</a><span id="citationsource10"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation10"> 4-8</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted6.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.06 </em>17 ¶14-15</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Ps. 73:28)</strong></a> But as for me, drawing near to God is good for me. I have made the Sovereign Lord Jehovah my refuge, To declare all your works.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 1:9, 10)</strong></a> Then Hanʹnah got up after they had finished eating and drinking in Shiʹloh. At the time, Eʹli the priest was sitting on the seat by the doorpost of the temple* of Jehovah. <strong><sup>10 </sup></strong>Hanʹnah was extremely bitter,* and she began to pray to Jehovah and to weep uncontrollably.</p><p></p><p>That is, the tabernacle.</p><p>Or “bitter of soul.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Ps. 55:22)</strong></a> Throw your burden on Jehovah, And he will sustain you. Never will he allow the righteous one to fall.*</p><p></p><p>Or “stagger; totter.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Ps. 73:17)</strong></a> Until I entered the grand sanctuary of God, And I discerned their future.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Ps. 122:1)</strong></a> I rejoiced when they said to me: “Let us go to the house of Jehovah.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Sam. 1:18)</strong></a> To this she said: “Let your servant find favor in your eyes.” And the woman went on her way and ate, and her face was no longer downcast.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation7"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource7">^ <strong>(Ps. 34:19)</strong></a> Many are the hardships* of the righteous one, But Jehovah rescues him from them all.</p><p></p><p>Or “calamities.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation8"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource8">^ <strong>(Ps. 73:23, 24)</strong></a> But now I am continually with you; You have taken hold of my right hand. <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>You guide me with your advice, And afterward you will lead me to glory.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation9"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource9">^ <strong>(Ps. 143:1)</strong></a> O Jehovah, hear my prayer; Listen to my plea for help. In your faithfulness and in your righteousness, answer me.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation10"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource10">^ <strong>(Ps. 143:4-8)</strong></a> My spirit* is failing; My heart is numb within me.  <strong><sup>5 </sup></strong>I remember the days of old; I meditate on all your activity; I eagerly ponder over* the work of your hands.  <strong><sup>6 </sup></strong>I spread out my hands to you; I am* like a parched land that thirsts for you. (<em>Selah</em>)  <strong><sup>7 </sup></strong>Do answer me quickly, O Jehovah; My strength* has come to an end. Do not hide your face from me, Or I will be like those going down into the pit.*  <strong><sup>8 </sup></strong>Let me hear your loyal love in the morning, For I trust in you. Make known to me the way I should walk, For to you I turn.*</p><p></p><p>Or “strength.”</p><p>Or “study.”</p><p>Or “My soul is.”</p><p>Lit., “spirit.”</p><p>Or “grave.”</p><p>Or “For I lift up my soul to you.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
