<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Thursday, September 16
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h2 id="p47" data-pid="47">Thursday, September 16</h2>
</header>
<p id="p48" data-pid="48" class="themeScrp"><em>Barnabas came to his aid.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">Acts 9:27</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p49" data-pid="49" class="p49">In the first century C.E., a generous man named Joseph (surnamed Barnabas) made himself available to be used by Jehovah. (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Acts 4:36, 37</a>) After Saul became a believer, many of the brothers were afraid to approach him because of his reputation as a persecutor of the congregations. However, warmhearted Barnabas came to Saul’s aid. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Acts 9:21,</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> 26-28</a>) Later, the elders in Jerusalem saw the need to provide encouragement to the brothers as far as Antioch of Syria. Whom did they send? Barnabas! They chose well. We are told that Barnabas “began to encourage them all to continue in the Lord with heartfelt resolve.” (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Acts 11:22-24</a>) Likewise today, Jehovah can help us to become a “son of comfort” to fellow Christians. For example, he might use us to comfort those who have lost loved ones in death. Or he may move us to visit or make a phone call to someone who is sick or depressed to share a few kind words. Will you allow Jehovah to use you as he did Barnabas?​—<span id="citationsource6"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation6">1 Thess. 5:14</a>. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted16.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.10 </em>22 ¶8</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(Acts 9:27)</strong></a> So Barʹna·bas came to his aid and led him to the apostles, and he told them in detail how on the road he had seen the Lord, and that he had spoken to him, and how in Damascus he had spoken boldly in the name of Jesus.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Acts 4:36, 37)</strong></a> So Joseph, who was also called by the apostles Barʹna·bas (which means, when translated, “Son of Comfort”), a Levite, a native of Cyʹprus, <strong><sup>37 </sup></strong>owned a piece of land, and he sold it and brought the money and deposited it at the feet of the apostles.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Acts 9:21)</strong></a> But all those hearing him were astonished and were saying: “Is this not the man who ravaged those in Jerusalem who call on this name? Did he not come here for the purpose of arresting them and taking them* to the chief priests?”</p><p></p><p>Lit., “come here in order that he might lead them bound.”</p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Acts 9:26-28)</strong></a> On arriving in Jerusalem, he made efforts to join the disciples, but they were all afraid of him, because they did not believe he was a disciple. <strong><sup>27 </sup></strong>So Barʹna·bas came to his aid and led him to the apostles, and he told them in detail how on the road he had seen the Lord, and that he had spoken to him, and how in Damascus he had spoken boldly in the name of Jesus. <strong><sup>28 </sup></strong>So he remained with them, moving about freely in Jerusalem, speaking boldly in the name of the Lord.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Acts 11:22-24)</strong></a> The report about them reached the ears of the congregation in Jerusalem, and they sent out Barʹna·bas as far as Antioch. <strong><sup>23 </sup></strong>When he arrived and saw the undeserved kindness of God, he rejoiced and began to encourage them all to continue in the Lord with heartfelt resolve; <strong><sup>24 </sup></strong>for he was a good man and full of holy spirit and faith. And a considerable crowd was added to the Lord.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation6"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource6">^ <strong>(1 Thess. 5:14)</strong></a> On the other hand, we urge you, brothers, to warn* the disorderly, speak consolingly to those who are depressed,* support the weak, be patient toward all.</p><p></p><p>Or “admonish.”</p><p>Or “those who are discouraged.” Lit., “those of little soul.”</p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
