<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html dir="ltr" class="dir-ltr meps-lang-E meps-script-ROMAN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Wednesday, September 1
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/fonts.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="docClass-4 pub-es21 docId-1102021408"><header>
<h1 id="p1" data-pid="1"><strong>September</strong></h1>
<h2 id="p2" data-pid="2">Wednesday, September 1</h2>
</header>
<p id="p3" data-pid="3" class="themeScrp"><em>My Father has kept working until now, and I keep working.​—</em><span id="citationsource1"></span><em><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation1">John 5:17</a></em><em>.</em></p>
<div class="bodyTxt">
<div id="section1" class="section">
<div class="pGroup">
<p id="p4" data-pid="4" class="p4">Do the examples set by Jehovah and Jesus in working hard imply that it is not necessary for us to rest? Not at all. Jehovah never gets tired, so he does not need physical rest. The Bible does say that after Jehovah created the heavens and the earth, “he rested and refreshed himself.” (<span id="citationsource2"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation2">Ex. 31:17</a>) However, that evidently means that Jehovah paused and found satisfaction in what he had made. And although Jesus worked hard while he lived on earth, he still made time to rest and to enjoy meals with his friends. (<span id="citationsource3"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation3">Matt. 14:13;</a><span id="citationsource4"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation4"> Luke 7:34</a>) The Bible encourages God’s people to be workers. His servants are to be industrious rather than lazy. (<span id="citationsource5"></span><a epub:type="noteref" href="#citation5">Prov. 15:19</a>) Perhaps you work secularly to care for your family. And all disciples of Christ have the responsibility to share in the work of preaching the good news. Still, you also need to get sufficient rest. <span id="pcitationsource1"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted.xhtml#pcitation1"><em>w19.12 </em>2 ¶2;</a><span id="pcitationsource2"></span><a href="1102021408-extracted.xhtml#pcitation2"> 3 ¶4-5</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="groupExt">
<div class="groupExtScrpCite">
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation1"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource1">^ <strong>(John 5:17)</strong></a> But he answered them: “My Father has kept working until now, and I keep working.”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation2"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource2">^ <strong>(Ex. 31:17)</strong></a> It is an enduring sign between me and the people of Israel, for in six days Jehovah made the heavens and the earth and on the seventh day he rested and refreshed himself.’”</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation3"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource3">^ <strong>(Matt. 14:13)</strong></a> At hearing this, Jesus departed from there by boat into an isolated place to be alone. But the crowds, getting to hear of it, followed him on foot from the cities.</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation4"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource4">^ <strong>(Luke 7:34)</strong></a> The Son of man has come eating and drinking, but you say: ‘Look! A man who is a glutton and is given to drinking wine, a friend of tax collectors and sinners!’</p><p></p></div></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote"><div epub:type="footnote" class="extScrpCite" id="citation5"><p class="extScrpCiteTxt"><a href="#citationsource5">^ <strong>(Prov. 15:19)</strong></a> The way of the lazy one is like a hedge of thorns, But the path of the upright is like a level highway.</p><p></p></div></aside>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
