<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0114</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_230">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8654" class="class31">Day 110: On Moving Yourself Closer to the Finish Line</div>
<div class="class514">People find it more motivating to be partly finished with a longer journey than to be at the starting gate of a shorter one.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Chip and Dan Heath</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9209"></span>
<a href="part0479.xhtml" class="class8951">105</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Think of the difference between having run the first 5 miles (or kilometers) out of 25 and having just taken the first steps of a 5-mile or 5-km run. Even though they’re so similar, according to bestselling authors Chip and Dan Heath, people are more motivated when they’re facing the first option.</div>
<div class="class39">Based on my own observations, I think the main reason for their findings is that people usually find it difficult to start something challenging, so if they can get past the first barrier and are partway there (with some achievements under their belt), they’re fired up to continue.</div>
<div class="class39">You can benefit from this observation by moving yourself closer to the finish line — yes, even if you’ve just set a new goal for yourself. The idea is to fool yourself that you’re actually somewhere along into the journey, and not just about to start it — a proposition many people find so discouraging that they don’t even begin.</div>
<div class="class39">How do you do it? If you want to build a financial emergency fund, you can convince yourself that you’re already on the right track because you have some source of income (while others have to find it first), or if not, that you have some things you can sell that are <span id="page_231"></span>
actually just money waiting to be converted into physical cash (you surely have something you could sell, so this always works). Just like that, you’re no longer just getting started with the goal — you’re already partly finished.</div>
<div class="class39">Let’s go with another example. Imagine you want to have a flat stomach or become more muscular. You’re already partly finished with this goal when you can perform basic bodyweight exercises (people who can’t need to learn them first), if you’ve read some articles or books about exercise (people who haven’t have to educate themselves first), or if you have fit friends and support (others need to find it first), etc.</div>
<div class="class39">Whatever your starting point is, think of what you already have or what you’ve already accomplished and use it as a way of seeing that you’re closer to the finish line than you thought.</div>
</body>
</html>
