<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0189</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_359">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8740" class="class31">Day 185: On Staying With Problems Longer</div>
<div class="class514">Students who were forced to struggle on complex problems before receiving help from teachers outperformed students who received immediate assistance.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Brad Stulberg and Steve Magness</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9095"></span>
<a href="part0557.xhtml" class="class8951">183</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Here’s a simple mindset change that can help you improve your problem-solving skills and make you more persistent: whenever you face a problem, stay with it for a good while before you ask anyone for help.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re immediately seeking outside help the instant you find you can’t deal with something, you’re robbing yourself out of the opportunity to struggle and figure it out yourself.</div>
<div class="class39">Obviously, this doesn’t apply to life-or-death situations. I don’t want you to spend a little while longer trying to figure out how to help a victim of a car accident — call the ambulance right away. Practice staying with problems longer only when it’s safe and sensible to do so.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, if something is not working properly on your computer, before you call for IT help, seek answers yourself and only get help if you’ve tried several possible solutions and nothing has worked<span id="page_360"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re learning a new skill and can’t figure out how to do something, try to deconstruct it, piece by piece. If you still can’t figure it out, seek assistance from your teacher.</div>
<div class="class39">By rejecting the impulse to ask for help right away, you’ll also practice your self-control. The downside is wasting a few minutes on a problem you can’t solve. The upside is developing more trust in your own abilities, becoming more patient, and learning something new.</div>
</body>
</html>
