<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0049</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8580" class="class31">Day 45: On Honest<span id="page_104"></span>
y</div>
<div class="class514">I hope I shall possess firmness and virtue enough to maintain what I consider the most enviable of all titles, the character of an honest man.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—George Washington</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8981"></span>
<a href="part0418.xhtml" class="class8951">44</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">For many people, one of the hardest challenges for their self-discipline is the resolution to stop lying. We constantly encounter opportunities to lie, wherever we go and whatever we do. It seems it’s even socially permissible to lie a little, whether by telling a white lie, making yourself look better on a resume, or tweaking your height, weight, and financial situation on online dating sites.</div>
<div class="class39">As the old saying goes, honesty is the best policy — and it’s also one of the best ways to strengthen your character. It’s one thing to deny yourself a piece of cake, and it’s a completely different thing to tell the truth when you think it will make you look bad or threaten the relationship you have with someone. Yet, over the long-term, the truth always emerges — and if not, it still eats away at your conscience, so why postpone the discomfort you’ll eventually feel anyway?</div>
<div class="class39">Vow to tell the truth no matter the circumstances (except for extreme situations, such as your life being in danger).</div>
<div class="class39">Please note that being honest doesn’t mean that you need to share everything about yourself with other people. that Telling them, “I don’t feel like answering that question” (without giving any justifications — it’s your right to not explain any of your decisions) <span id="page_105"></span>
is a simple way to remain honest when a person asks you a question you’d normally answer with a lie.</div>
</body>
</html>
