<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0321</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8891" class="class31">Day 317: On Thinking You’re Abl<span id="page_595"></span>
e</div>
<div class="class514">They are able because they think they are able.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Virgil</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9157"></span>
<a href="part0692.xhtml" class="class8951">318</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">It might be a trite reminder, but it’s nonetheless frequently true: people often achieve impossible feats merely because they think they are able to do so. If you don’t think that you’re able, you either won’t try at all, or if you try, it will be a half-hearted attempt that is almost guaranteed to fail.</div>
<div class="class39">In rock climbing, I sometimes deliberately try routes or single moves well above my ability. I’ve found that sometimes the mere belief in your abilities can lead you to climbing a difficult route that, without such a belief, would result in a spectacular failure.</div>
<div class="class39">In business, the companies that grow the fastest are led by entrepreneurs who don’t set any limits for themselves. If they decide to sell their services to a Fortune 500 company, they’ll start figuring out how to <span class="class8960">do</span>
 it instead of wasting time pondering whether they’re able to do so.</div>
<div class="class39">In sports, it’s often not the training in itself that makes an athlete successful. It’s what they tell themselves during the competition that makes the difference between winning or losing.</div>
<div class="class39">The next time you face a big, seemingly insurmountable challenge or find yourself in a situation with a low chance of emerging victoriously, assume that you’re able to overcome it — and then act as if it were true. Life isn’t a fairy tale, so it won’t <span class="class8960">always</span>
 work. However, if you assume that you aren’t able — and <span id="page_596"></span>
that will manifest in your hesitant actions — you’ll be always doing yourself a disservice.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
