<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0293</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc333_Day_289__On_Accounting_for_Taxes" class="class31">Day 289: On Accounting for Taxe<span id="page_545"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">Everything you do has a tax attached to it.</div>
<div class="class864">For example, the tax on traveling is all the waiting around.</div>
<div class="class864">Disagreements and occasional frustration are taxes placed on even the happiest of relationships.</div>
<div class="class864">Theft is a tax on abundance and having things that other people want.</div>
<div class="class864">Stress and problems are tariffs that come attached to success.</div>
<div class="class864">Simply pay the taxes in life, and enjoy the fruits of what you get to keep.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Ryan Holiday</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9038"></span>
<a href="part0662.xhtml" class="class8951">288</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">It’s exciting to set new goals and imagine how your life will change when you achieve them. However, people often forget that everything in life has a tax attached to it. When they wake up to the reality that their goals aren’t all roses and require some sacrifices on their part or generate problems, their excitement fades away and their odds of success decrease.</div>
<div class="class39">As Ryan Holiday notes, there are taxes on traveling, relationships, and financial success, but they aren’t limited just to those areas.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to become healthier, one of the taxes is that you’ll have a harder time when you eat in a social setting.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to get more fit, you’ll most likely have to forego some other activities in order to make time for physical activities<span id="page_546"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to become a bestselling author or become virtually any kind of an expert, you’ll undoubtedly attract critics.</div>
<div class="class39">Thinking about the dark side before you even start working on your goals doesn’t sound like a good way to motivate yourself, but it’s necessary to acknowledge it and be prepared for the fact that any change in life — including a positive one — will bring some new problems with it, and it’s a price you have to pay to enjoy it.</div>
</body>
</html>
