<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0085</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_175">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8621" class="class31">Day 81: On Identifying Your Resources</div>
<div class="class514">With every accident, ask yourself what abilities you have for making a proper use of it. If you see an attractive person, you will find that self-restraint is the ability you have against your desire. If you are in pain, you will find fortitude. If you hear unpleasant language, you will find patience.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Epictetus</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9161"></span>
<a href="part0450.xhtml" class="class8951">76</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">For every problem you face, there’s an ability or resource you can tap into to overcome it. The key is to discover what it is and immediately put it to use. Unfortunately, many people default to discouragement or frustration rather than adopt a resourceful attitude and look for possible solutions.</div>
<div class="class39">Little good comes out of covering your eyes, wishing the problem will go away on its own. The best way to prepare yourself for setbacks is to visualize them and seek solutions before these problems materialize. Not all of your negative predictions will come to pass, but the ones that do won’t paralyze you as much if you prepare yourself for them.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, if you’re on a diet, think of some common scenarios that might jeopardize your adherence to it. What will you do if somebody you always wanted to meet invites you to dinner at a less than healthy restaurant? What will you do if you find yourself starving at the airport while waiting for the connecting flight? What <span id="page_176"></span>
will you do when you fail to resist the temptation to eat chocolate and turn an unplanned treat into a full-blown cheat day?</div>
<div class="class39">By creating a list of potential solutions while being at the top of your game and not being influenced by negative emotions, you’ll save yourself the time and energy that is wasted on trying to solve problems with a clouded mind.</div>
</body>
</html>
