<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0365</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8941" class="class31">Day 361: On Smilin<span id="page_670"></span>
g</div>
<div class="class514">If in our daily life we can smile, if we can be peaceful and happy, not only we, but everyone will profit from it. If we really know how to live, what better way to start the day than with a smile? Our smile affirms our awareness and determination to live in peace and joy. The source of a true smile is an awakened mind.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Thich Nhat Hanh</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9006"></span>
<a href="part0735.xhtml" class="class8951">361</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Smiling is one of the easiest, and one of the hardest things to do. It’s natural to smile when you’re happy and feel good, and almost impossible when you’re in pain or feeling unwell.</div>
<div class="class39">With increased self-control, your ability to do things in spite of what you <span class="class8960">feel</span>
 like doing increases. Smiling can be an excellent exercise in this practice.</div>
<div class="class39">I don’t want to downplay the negative things that may be happening in your or anyone else’s life. However, the truth is that we often resort to scowling, crying, worrying, and radiating negativity when we experience negative emotions, just because this state is easier to access than the positive one.</div>
<div class="class39">When you think about it logically, it makes no sense to further ruin your mood after experiencing something negative. If you have a cold, you don’t go out naked in the middle of the winter to catch pneumonia, too. Yet, that’s pretty much what we’re doing anytime we decide to humor negative emotions instead of smiling despite them, or at least trying to lift our spirits a little.</div>
<div class="class39">Obviously, it’s easy to say that. Some negative events are such that they can destroy a person from the inside out, and telling them <span id="page_671"></span>
to smile would be ridiculous. Apply this advice primarily to the small everyday struggles you encounter, where your negative reaction isn’t necessary.</div>
<div class="class39">For the next week, try to handle every difficulty with a smile on your face. It doesn’t matter if your smile isn’t entirely genuine. The point is to make an effort in overcoming your default reaction of feeling negative and replace it with a more positive attitude.</div>
<div class="class39">Even if you fail to maintain a better mood for more than a couple of minutes, the exercise in itself will help you better control your impulses and might even lift your spirits slightly. And if you repeat it often enough, your brain’s pathways will change and make you more capable of feeling positive, even when bad things happen — and that’s not a bad ability to have, is it?</div>
</body>
</html>
