<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0107</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_217">
<div id="toc120_Day_103__On_Controlled_Burn" class="class31">Day 103: On Controlled Burn</div>
<div class="class514">Small forest fires periodically cleanse the system of the most flammable material, so this does not have the opportunity to accumulate.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Nassim Taleb</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9514"></span>
<a href="part0472.xhtml" class="class8951">98</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Fire is a natural part of the forest ecology. Regular small fires serve a cleansing purpose, reducing the amount of fuel build-up and consequently lowering the likelihood of a potentially large, disastrous fire.</div>
<div class="class39">Fires promote the growth and biodiversity of surviving healthy vegetation when the old, sickly trees burn and the ashes add nutrients to the soil. Moreover, burned trees provide habitat for the wildlife which often grows in numbers after a fire.</div>
<div class="class39">A controlled burn is a strategy that foresters around the world use to regulate plant and animal life, usually as a way to reduce the risk of a larger, uncontrolled fire.</div>
<div class="class39">You can use a similar strategy: give yourself some slack every now and then to prevent yourself from a massive, uncontrollable loss of self-discipline.</div>
<div class="class39">The most obvious application of this technique is in dieting: allowing yourself a cheat meal every now and that will help you avoid an unplanned cheat day or cheat week that could result in disastrous consequences for your long-term progress.</div>
<div class="class39">You can use a controlled burn in any other endeavor that requires you to maintain high levels of self-discipline for a long <span id="page_218"></span>
period of time. For example, if you’re working hard on your business, every other week give yourself an entire day to slack off instead of working your fingers to the bone and burning out.</div>
<div class="class39">Controlled burns, as long as they remain <span class="class8960">controlled</span>
 and limited to a defined period of time, can increase your long-term discipline, so don’t feel guilty about scheduling one every now and then. You might temporarily lose some momentum, but in the long haul it will be worth it.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
