<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0281</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_524">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8845" class="class31">Day 277: On Making Things Convenient</div>
<div class="class514">Nutritionally speaking, frozen veggies are similar to — and sometimes better than — fresh ones. This makes sense, considering that these veggies are usually flash-frozen (which suspends/pauses their “aging” and nutrient losses) immediately after being harvested. Frozen veggies are often picked in the peak of their season, too.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Ronald B. Pegg</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9318"></span>
<a href="part0651.xhtml" class="class8951">277</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Here’s the ultimate hack when it comes to eating more vegetables: eat ones that have been frozen. At least 50-60% of vegetables I eat have been frozen (the rest are canned and fresh). Research shows that nutrition-wise, frozen vegetables aren’t worse — and might be even better — than fresh vegetables.</div>
<div class="class39">One of the biggest issues when it comes to improving your eating habits is a lack of time or being too lazy to prepare fresh vegetables. You can get rid of this excuse by buying a frozen vegetable mix. Steam it, sprinkle it with some good herbs and spices and voila! You’re getting your veggies for the day with no need to go through the entire ordeal of peeling, washing, and cooking fresh vegetables (for which you might not have enough willpower).</div>
<div class="class39">Please note that this entry isn’t merely about frozen vegetables; it’s about making sure that your new positive habits are as convenient to stick to as possible<span id="page_525"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">The more convenient you make it to stick to a healthy diet, the more likely you’ll be to stick to it. Even if one day scientists discover that frozen or canned vegetables aren’t as healthy as the fresh ones, it’s still better to eat them than not eat vegetables at all because it’s too inconvenient for you to eat them fresh.</div>
<div class="class39">The same applies to other goals. Yes, it would be ideal if you found a fun outdoor activity, but if you really can’t afford to do so, buying some basic equipment and exercising at home (to make it more convenient) is still better than not exercising at all.</div>
<div class="class39">When you’re choosing between failing to stick to a positive habit because it’s inconvenient or making it more convenient but perhaps a little bit less effective, choose the latter.</div>
</body>
</html>
