<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0228</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc258_Day_224__On_Juggling_Five_Balls" class="class31">Day 224: On Juggling Five Ball<span id="page_430"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">Imagine life is a game in which you are juggling five balls. The balls are called work, family, health, friends, and integrity. And you’re keeping all of them in the air. But one day you finally come to understand that work is a rubber ball. If you drop it, it will bounce back. The other four balls… are made of glass. If you drop one of these, it will be irrevocably scuffed, nicked, perhaps even shattered.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—James Patterson</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9043"></span>
<a href="part0598.xhtml" class="class8951">224</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Self-discipline and your long-term goals are important, but throughout all of my books, I periodically emphasize that life isn’t only about accomplishment. In fact, your well-being, living with integrity, and the relationships you have with your friends and family matter more than everything else.</div>
<div class="class39">What’s the point of self-improvement if you can’t share your successes and failures with others? Is being super-rich worth it if you’ve developed a reputation of a crook? Does it make sense to lose your health just to get a promotion at work?</div>
<div class="class39">When balancing between different aspects of your life, always prioritize the glass balls over the rubber one. You can always accomplish your goals later, but you can’t always restore relationship with your family, revive your friendships, recover your health, or regain trust.</div>
<div class="class39">Spend five minutes today thinking whether you’re careful enough when handling the glass balls in your life. How often do you ignore your health or family to focus on work? How can you work <span id="page_431"></span>
on your goals in a more sustainable way that would reduce the risk of losing your health, integrity, or relationships?</div>
</body>
</html>
