<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0146</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_283">
<div id="toc165_Day_142__On_Keystone_Habits" class="class31">Day 142: On Keystone Habits</div>
<div class="class514">Typically, people who exercise, start eating better and becoming more productive at work. They smoke less and show more patience with colleagues and family. They use their credit cards less frequently and say they feel less stressed. Exercise is a keystone habit that triggers widespread change.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Charles Duhigg</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9499"></span>
<a href="part0510.xhtml" class="class8951">136</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">A keystone habit is a habit that results in other positive changes in your life without directly focusing on them. For example, the decision to start exercising will affect your diet, productivity, patience, and overall well-being.</div>
<div class="class39">Instead of focusing on several different habits, you can concentrate on making one change and, as if by magic, it will lead to other improvements that are introduced virtually without effort.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to get the best return on your efforts, focus on establishing keystone habits first and only work on other routines when you already have established the keystone habits as habits. Some keystone habits include:</div>
<div class="class39">- regular exercise;</div>
<div class="class39">- making your bed every morning;</div>
<div class="class39">- tracking what you eat;</div>
<div class="class39">- saving money;</div>
<div class="class39">- meditation;</div>
<div class="class39">- waking up earlier;</div>
<div class="class39">- expressing gratitude;</div>
<div class="class39">- regularly getting enough quality sleep<span id="page_284"></span>
;</div>
<div class="class39">- trying a new thing every day.</div>
</body>
</html>
