<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0172</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_329">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8720" class="class31">Day 168: On Wasting Your Energy When You Don’t Have Important Rituals</div>
<div class="class514">There is no more miserable human being than one in whom nothing is habitual but indecision, and for whom the lighting of every cigar, the drinking of every cup, the time of rising and going to bed every day, and the beginning of every bit of work, are subjects of express volitional deliberation. Full half the time of such a man goes to the deciding, or regretting, of matters which ought to be so ingrained in him as practically not to exist for his consciousness at all.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—William James</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9320"></span>
<a href="part0538.xhtml" class="class8951">164</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Continuing on the topic of routines that we discussed yesterday, the more routines you have (particularly routines for the most important parts of the day), the more time and energy you have for making decisions.</div>
<div class="class39">Many top performers follow specific routines, but they all differ wildly. For example, Pablo Picasso worked between 3 p.m. and 2 a.m., with a one-hour break at 10 p.m., while Victor Hugo spent most of his day on leisure, except for a 2-hour writing session between 6 and 8 p.m. Benjamin Franklin woke up at 5 in the morning, while Pablo Picasso didn’t wake up until 11 a.m.</div>
<div class="class39">This demonstrates that what’s most important is not following somebody else’s specific routine, but following <span class="class8960">some kind</span>
 of a routine that fits your personality<span id="page_330"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">At a minimum, develop at least three routines in your life that will eliminate indecision and improve your control of the day:</div>
<div class="class39">
<span class="class9087">1. When you wake up and when you go to bed.</span>
 Life is unpredictable and things will happen, but you can choose your working hours and ensure a highly predictable weekly schedule.</div>
<div class="class39">
<span class="class9087">2. What you do in the morning to ensure a good day’s start.</span>
 Discover what types of mornings usually lead to happy, productive days and repeat the same actions daily.</div>
<div class="class39">
<span class="class9087">3. When you work.</span>
 Most applicable to entrepreneurs and other people with flexible work schedule. If you don’t have a flexible schedule, at least dedicate a set period of the day for the most important part of your work.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
