<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0283</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8847" class="class31">Day 279: On Learning With Ag<span id="page_528"></span>
e</div>
<div class="class514">It’s very simple. As you grow, you learn more. If you stayed at twenty-two, you’d always be as ignorant as you were at twenty-two. Aging is not just decay, you know. It’s growth. It’s more than the negative that you’re going to die; it’s also the positive that you understand you’re going to die, and that you live a better life because of it.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Mitch Albom</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9001"></span>
<a href="part0653.xhtml" class="class8951">279</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">As time passes, one might feel tempted to believe that their best years are behind them. Now decay commences, and things can only get worse. How about looking at it from a different point of view and embracing aging as the learning process?</div>
<div class="class39">I like to say that if in five years I’m the same person that I am today, then I’ll have failed. Ideally, in five years I should feel slightly uncomfortable about the type of a person I was in the past.</div>
<div class="class39">Aging is not merely about your body’s cells dividing and multiplying — it’s also about your <span class="class8960">knowledge</span>
, which (if you make an effort to do so) constantly expands, gives you new perspectives and helps you live an ever better life.</div>
<div class="class39">You can look at aging in both ways: a process of deterioration or a process of improvement. Which attitude will bring more happiness and success in your life?</div>
</body>
</html>
