<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0160</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_309">
<div id="toc181_Day_156__On_Wanting_What_We_Already_Have" class="class31">Day 156: On Wanting What We Already Have</div>
<div class="class514">One wonderful way to tame our tendency to always want more is to persuade ourselves to want the things we already have.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—William B. Irvine</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9454"></span>
<a href="part0525.xhtml" class="class8951">151</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">I’m a follower of intermittent fasting, a type of eating in which you regularly alternate between eating and abstaining from food.</div>
<div class="class39">In addition to daily fasts of 16 to 20 hours, I sometimes fast for 40 hours or more. When you fast for such a long time, your senses are heightened. Smells are more intense and flavors more explosive.</div>
<div class="class39">In this state, you learn to want things you already have. A simple apple tastes like heaven and is more than sufficient as a food source. I don’t need an apple pie, a caramelized apple sprinkled with cinnamon, or apple pancakes covered with apple-horseradish sauce.</div>
<div class="class39">You can persuade yourself to want the things you have by abstaining from them for a period of time or imagining they’re no longer available for you. It doesn’t apply just to food. Things can disappear in a blink of an eye — including your house, car, clothes, family members, spouse, a comfortable bed, a warm shower, or your health.</div>
<div class="class39">When you feel the threat of losing something you hold dearly, you’ll start wanting it with more intensity than ever before. As a result, you’ll work harder to keep it in your life and stop craving other things<span id="page_310"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">The applications of this practice for self-discipline are endless and go beyond the example with fasting.</div>
<div class="class39">Stop driving for a few days and imagine you’ll always have to commute by bus or bike. Suddenly you might realize that you actually love your current car and there’s no need to strain your finances and buy a new one.</div>
<div class="class39">Imagine — and I’m sorry for the horrid mental picture — that your loved one died in a car accident right after you had an argument with them. How terrible would you feel if it was your anger — and not your expression of love — that would accompany them in their last moments? Wouldn’t such a morbid reminder make you less prone to anger attacks and more likely to exert willpower to not shout at your partner, child, parent, or other loved one?</div>
<div class="class39">In many aspects, your life is already incredible. You just need to remind yourself that you can lose it, so that you can relearn its value for you.</div>
</body>
</html>
