<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0171</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc193_Day_167__On_Routines_Overcoming_a_Bad_Mood" class="class31">Day 167: On Routines Overcoming <span id="page_328"></span>
a Bad Mood</div>
<div class="class514">A solid routine fosters a well-worn groove for one’s mental energies and helps stave off the tyranny of moods.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Mason Currey</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9108"></span>
<a href="part0537.xhtml" class="class8951">163</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">I’m a big proponent of daily routines, not only because they ensure that you steadily advance toward your goal, but also because they reduce the likelihood of negative moods ruining your progress.</div>
<div class="class39">Let’s not fool ourselves — we’re humans, and sometimes we feel bad. If you don’t have a daily routine and wake up in a bad mood, it’s almost certain that you won’t care much about your current resolutions and forego them for the rest of the day. Handling your negative mood will be more important than any other objectives you might have had.</div>
<div class="class39">However, if you’ve established a daily routine and it’s now instilled in your mind, the risk that you won’t perform it is much lower. Why is that so? Because the beautiful thing about a daily routine is that once it’s automatic, you feel bad when you don’t do it. This means that if you’re in a bad mood, not performing your routine will make you feel even worse, so the best choice is to stick to your routine in spite of your bad mood.</div>
<div class="class39">When setting important long-term goals, also create daily routines that will steadily move you toward achieving them. Once established, they will be some of your biggest allies.</div>
</body>
</html>
