<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0360</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc409_Day_356__On_Taking_the_Initiative" class="class5339">
<span class="class-1">Day 356: On Taking the Initiativ</span>
<span id="page_661" class="class-1"></span>
<span class="class-1">e</span>
</div>
<div class="class514">I’ve trained myself to propose solutions instead of ask for them, to elicit responses instead of react, and to be assertive without burning bridges. To have an uncommon lifestyle, you need to develop the uncommon habit of making decisions, both for yourself and for others.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Tim Ferriss</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9314"></span>
<a href="part0730.xhtml" class="class8951">356</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">You need a lot of self-discipline to take the initiative instead of taking the easy way out and waiting for somebody else to act. It’s easier to present a problem and ask for solutions than to suggest some yourself. It’s easier to delegate the responsibility for the decision to someone else, essentially freeing yourself of the discomfort of having to make a decision in exchange for losing control over the situation.</div>
<div class="class39">To obtain better results in all kinds of endeavors, become the person who takes the initiative.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re dealing with a problem that affects others, instead of only <span class="class8960">presenting</span>
 the problem to the group, propose several solutions. Resist the temptation to be lazy by relying on others’ ideas and come up with your own.</div>
<div class="class39">I used to work with a few business partners and I can tell you that there’s nothing better than an associate who doesn’t merely wait for the solutions, but offers them himself or herself. And the reverse is also true: there’s nothing worse than a collaborator who only brings you problems and expects you to solve them all<span id="page_662"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">In addition, become proactive and react as quickly as you can. Yes, it’s uncomfortable to stand out and take the initiative while everybody else is looking at you and judging you. However, ultimately, he or she who acts first is the leader; immediately reacting to situations also trains you to overcome hesitation and to develop a habit of taking action.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, if you’re walking down the street and somebody looks like they’re about to faint, overcome your social fears and ask them if they’re fine. Such a small decision of yours might mean the difference between life and death for that stranger.</div>
<div class="class39">I was once on a bike ride with a friend when we noticed a man lying down in the middle of the sidewalk, blood dripping out of his ear. Nobody stopped to help him, and yet he was a stone’s throw away from a church packed with people.</div>
<div class="class39">Who knows? Maybe nobody offered to help because they were afraid to take action or thought that somebody else would take the initiative. Fortunately, we attended to the man and the ambulance arrived quickly to take him to the hospital. What if nobody had stopped to help him for several hours?</div>
<div class="class39">Taking the initiative is often uncomfortable, but that’s just one more reason to do it. Don’t <span class="class8960">react</span>
 — act. Don’t present <span class="class8960">problems</span>
, present <span class="class8960">solutions</span>
. Don’t shrug it off by saying “whatever”; choose an option if nobody else is willing to do it.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
