<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0346</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_639">
<div id="toc393_Day_342__On_Doing_the_Best_You_Can_With_What_You_Have" class="class31">Day 342: On Doing the Best You Can With What You Have</div>
<div class="class514">Success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is the doing, not the getting — in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard — reaching for the highest that is in us — becoming all that we can be. If we do our best, we are a success. Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have.</div>
<div class="class675">—Zig Ziglar</div>
<div class="class39">One of the best ways to destroy your resolve is to associate success with results alone. If you fail to generate any results for a long time (as is often the case when working on difficult, long-term goals), the belief that you’re only doing well if you’re getting immediate results will discourage you from continuing.</div>
<div class="class39">The proper approach is to espouse the belief that success means doing the best you can with what you have. Regardless of the outcome, as long as you’re doing your best, you’re keeping yourself to the highest standard and that’s what matters the most. The results might come today, tomorrow, six months from now, or even a decade later.</div>
<div class="class39">Obviously, it’s not like you’re pursuing your goals for the sake of pursuing them — you want to get something for your efforts. However, it will be hard to make your dreams come true if you only obsess about the end result and forget to focus on the current <span id="page_640"></span>
process. After all, ultimately it’s the journey itself that will shape you to become the person deserving the goal you’re after.</div>
<div class="class39">A successful businessman isn’t successful because he runs a successful business. He’s successful because he stuck to his business, despite difficulties, failures, and the seemingly hopeless situations in which he found himself. He wouldn’t have built a successful business if he had only defined himself by the results (which are rarely anything to brag about anyway, at least in the first several years of running a business).</div>
<div class="class39">A successful athlete isn’t successful because she has received a medal. She’s successful because she’s been training harder than her competitors and kept going despite pain, exhaustion, and discomfort. She would have failed to become a successful athlete if she had obsessed solely about the prizes, and not on the act of bettering her performance.</div>
<div class="class39">Embrace success as holding yourself to a high personal standard and focus on the process of consistently becoming better. As long as you do your best with what you have, the results will show up eventually.</div>
</body>
</html>
