<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0311</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8879" class="class31">Day 307: On Breaking Your Rule<span id="page_577"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">Laws and principles are not for the times when there is no temptation: they are for such moments as this, when body and soul rise in mutiny against their rigour. (...) If at my convenience I might break them, what would be their worth?</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Charlotte Brontë</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9140"></span>
<a href="part0681.xhtml" class="class8951">307</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">We’ve already talked about adopting principles you’ll live by in order to make your decision-making process more efficient and make choices that are more aligned with your true desires.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s important to note that those principles aren’t for the times when everything goes smoothly. In fact, you don’t necessarily need them when things are going well. It’s primarily when there’s a temptation to give up that you can experience the power of rules. You create them to prevent yourself from making the wrong choices, no matter what the circumstances are and which temptations you feel.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I have a rule that growth happens outside my comfort zone. I don’t always feel like subjecting myself to discomfort and fear. However, there’s a reason why I adopted such a rule: without it, I know that I would back out more often, and thus miss out on those opportunities to grow.</div>
<div class="class39">Whenever you feel a temptation to break your rule, remind yourself that it’s there for a reason. Breaking it means that the principle — and the reason why you chose it — isn’t important to you. What does breaking your own rules say about your reliability? <span id="page_578"></span>
Can you trust yourself if you fail to keep a promise that you made to yourself?</div>
</body>
</html>
