<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0338</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc384_Day_334__On_Self-Criticism" class="class31">Day 334: On Self-Criticis<span id="page_626"></span>
m</div>
<div class="class514">Self-criticism is consistently associated with less motivation and worse self-control.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Kelly McGonigal</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9384"></span>
<a href="part0709.xhtml" class="class8951">335</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Berating yourself for your failures simply doesn’t work. Instead of motivating you to do better next time, it only brings you down, causing you to be even less likely to exert your willpower. In fact, being too harsh towards yourself can turn one slip-up into a full-blown crisis or even into giving up on your goals because you become convinced that you’re too weak to change your life.</div>
<div class="class39">Instead of self-criticism, give yourself self-compassion. Whenever you fail to meet your standards, remind yourself that you were probably doing your best, but this time it simply didn’t work. Human beings aren’t perfect, so don’t assume that you’ll have 100% adherence to a diet, a workout program, or any other resolution you have.</div>
<div class="class39">Then, instead of looking for reasons why you suck because you failed, look for lessons in your slip-up and vow to do better next time, being careful to not repeat the same mistakes. Being kind to yourself will ultimately motivate you more to try again than poisoning yourself with your critical voice ever could.</div>
</body>
</html>
