<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0326</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_605">
<div id="toc370_Day_322__On_Subtraction" class="class31">Day 322: On Subtraction</div>
<div class="class514">We survive on too little sleep, wolf down fast foods on the run, fuel up with coffee and cool down with alcohol and sleeping pills. Faced with relentless demands at work, we become short-tempered and easily distracted. We return home from long days at work feeling exhausted and often experience our families not as a source of joy and renewal, but as one more demand in an already overburdened life.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Jim Loehr</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9520"></span>
<a href="part0697.xhtml" class="class8951">323</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">It makes me exhausted just to read this quote, let alone imagine that it’s possible to achieve any kind of positive results while living such a life.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re overburdened and feel like you have no control over your life, it’s time to change your life philosophy from the philosophy of <span class="class8960">addition</span>
 to the philosophy of <span class="class8960">subtraction</span>
. Let me explain…</div>
<div class="class39">The philosophy of addition is thinking that more is better. It means that you’re afraid to miss out on opportunities and that you say yes to everything, worried that saying no will make you unpopular or that you’ll appear selfish or lazy.</div>
<div class="class39">You constantly add and add, thinking that it’s through adding that your life gets better. Of course, in a certain way it does. The more you learn, the better you are. Generally speaking, the more money you have, the easier your life is.</div>
<div class="class39">However, this doesn’t apply to obligations and your calendar. The more tasks you have in your schedule and the more duties you <span id="page_606"></span>
need to attend to, the more difficult it is to stop, reflect, and decide what deserves your attention and what doesn’t.</div>
<div class="class39">For this reason, I suggest adopting the philosophy of subtraction. You believe that less is more. You think twice before you accept any new responsibilities. You constantly seek to simplify your life and free up your calendar instead of stacking one task on top of another. You feel proud of having leisure time instead of feeling guilty about it.</div>
<div class="class39">As an exercise for today, think of just one regular task in your schedule that you could eliminate, in order to make your life less of a burden.</div>
<div class="class39">Perhaps you can hire a maid to save time spent keeping the house clean.</div>
<div class="class39">Maybe you already have enough money, but not enough time, and it would make sense to reduce the number of hours spent at work and accept the trade-off for the sake of your well-being.</div>
<div class="class39">Maybe you can move closer to your workplace, or the opposite: start working at home.</div>
<div class="class39">Perhaps it would be a good investment to use the services of a home meal delivery company and save the time spent on cooking and grocery shopping.</div>
<div class="class39">Subtract the unessential from your life to increase your focus on what is essential, but doesn’t get enough attention because of all the other, less-important obligations.</div>
</body>
</html>
