<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0314</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8883" class="class31">Day 310: On Having Good Private <span id="page_583"></span>
Teachers</div>
<div class="class514">From my great-grandfather, [I learned] not to have frequented public schools, and to have had good teachers at home, and to know that on such things a man should spend liberally.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Marcus Aurelius</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9000"></span>
<a href="part0685.xhtml" class="class8951">311</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Here’s one of the ultimate shortcuts for success: if you want to learn something or achieve a goal more quickly, find a good private teacher to guide you. Spend your money eagerly on one-on-one instruction, because expanding your knowledge and experience (unlike many other investments) is a sure-fire way to get a positive return.</div>
<div class="class39">Group classes are extremely ineffective teaching tools because the teacher’s attention is spread over too many students. If you have an hour-long class with a teacher and there are 9 other students, on average you only get 10 minutes of the teacher’s attention. Even if the teacher’s fee for a private class is five times higher, it’s still cheaper than a group class, considering how much more you’ll learn.</div>
<div class="class39">Consider hiring a coach for any important endeavors or to kickstart a new change. For example, you can hire a nutrition expert to develop a meal plan for you or a fitness coach to design a workout plan for you. You don’t necessarily have to keep paying them forever; the initial help can be sufficient to get you started and then <span id="page_584"></span>
all you have to do is continue to practice what you learned from them, until your needs change.</div>
<div class="class39">One additional benefit of hiring a private coach is that once you start paying to get professional help, you’ll start taking your objectives more seriously. It’s easier to back out if there’s nobody to whom you need to give an explanation as to why you want to give up.</div>
</body>
</html>
