<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0054</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_113">
<div id="toc59_WEEK_8" class="class510">WEEK 8</div>
<div id="toc60_Day_50__On_Not_Resting_on_Your_Laurels" class="class512">Day 50: On Not Resting on Your Laurels</div>
<div class="class514">I think if you do something and it turns out pretty good, then you should go do something else wonderful, not dwell on it for too long. Just figure out what’s next.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Steve Jobs</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9574"></span>
<a href="part0423.xhtml" class="class8951">49</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">To be human is to grow, challenge yourself, and strive to always become better. It’s important to celebrate your triumphs, but dwelling on them for too long can lead to resting on your laurels and jeopardizing your future growth.</div>
<div class="class39">After you’re done celebrating your success, figure out what your next challenge is. How can you take your life to an even higher level?</div>
<div class="class39">For example, if you’ve successfully lost weight, now is a good time to gain some muscle or improve your nutritional habits. If you’ve put your financial life in order by building a small nest egg, it’s a good opportunity to take it one step further and work on achieving financial independence.</div>
<div class="class39">Treat wonderful accomplishments as opportunities to accomplish even more wonderful things, and not as permission to become lazy.</div>
</body>
</html>
