<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0029</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_69">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8557" class="class31">Day 25: On Starting Today</div>
<div class="class514">Don’t wait for tomorrow to do something you can do today.</div>
<div class="class675">—Spanish proverb</div>
<div class="class39">Have you been pondering starting on a new goal but are still procrastinating on it? Come up with the easiest, simplest, and quickest action you can take today to initiate momentum.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to stop eating sugar, eliminate all chocolate bars from your house or choose one day a week during which you won’t eat sugar in any form. Take it from there, step by step.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to start exercising on a regular basis, do three push-ups and three squats now or any other super quick exercise. Tomorrow, do one more repetition. Find a more suitable workout once you establish the basic habit of <span class="class8960">some</span>
 exercise — even if it’s just a few push-ups a day.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to start saving money, take just one dollar out of your wallet and put it in a jar. Yes, it won’t change anything today, but if you add one dollar for the next three months, you’ll have saved 100 bucks and established a habit of saving.</div>
<div class="class39">There’s no excuse to <span class="class8960">not</span>
 take any of those simple actions now and finally break the chain of procrastination. Don’t overthink it and don’t obsess over the future; take care of establishing a tiny habit today, and take it from there.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
