<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0133</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc150_Day_129__On_Everyday_Practice" class="class31">Day 129: On Everyday Practic<span id="page_262"></span>
e</div>
<div class="class514">I mistakenly only associated the word “practice” with art forms such as music, dance or painting. I did not see dealing with a cranky child, an over-burdened work schedule, or a tight monthly budget as actions that required applying the same principles as did learning music.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Thomas Sterner</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9075"></span>
<a href="part0497.xhtml" class="class8951">123</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">You can view everyday annoyances in two ways: as frustrating experiences or as opportunities to practice your willpower.</div>
<div class="class39">A stranger bumped into you and didn’t apologize? Practice your self-control by wishing him or her a good day.</div>
<div class="class39">Your child is misbehaving and you feel like being a parent is sometimes too much to handle? Consider it an exercise in manifesting mental toughness.</div>
<div class="class39">You have so much work to do and then your car breaks down, an unexpected bill comes, and a friend needs your help? Don’t wish there were more than 24 hours in a day — accept it as a challenge in improving your productivity so that you can get everything done on time despite new difficulties thrown at you from every direction.</div>
<div class="class39">If you take advantage of every problem and look at it as a means of self-improvement, you’ll improve your self-discipline and mental resistance just by going about your day.</div>
</body>
</html>
