<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0091</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8628" class="class31">Day 87: On Attributing Failure to <span id="page_187"></span>
External Factors</div>
<div class="class514">When interpreting their own failures (...) individuals tend to make external attributions, pointing to factors that are outside of their direct control (such as luck). As a result, their motivation to exert effort on the same task in the future is reduced.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Bradley R. Staats</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9692"></span>
<a href="part0456.xhtml" class="class8951">82</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Failure can offer valuable feedback that will help you achieve your goal. Unfortunately, many people lose the learning opportunity by attributing the failure to an external factor, such as luck.</div>
<div class="class39">Consequently, instead of identifying the root cause in something <span class="class8960">they</span>
 did, they wrongly assume that they had no control over the situation. This not only makes them less likely to exert equal effort during subsequent attempts (which in itself reduces their chances of success), but also increases the risk they’ll repeat the same mistakes over and over again.</div>
<div class="class39">As a result, they enter a downward spiral: each failure makes them less motivated to try again, and soon they give up, frustrated at how unfair the world is. It wasn’t really the world that was responsible; it was their own failure to take responsibility for their failure and learn from it.</div>
<div class="class39">Make sure that whenever you fail, you always look for the cause of the failure in something that <span class="class8960">you</span>
 did, and not in something that you couldn’t control<span id="page_188"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Even when it looks as if something was indeed outside of your control, it doesn’t mean that you didn’t make any mistakes that might have increased the chances of such an outcome. Identifying those mistakes — even if they were only partially responsible for the failure — will help you in future attempts and prevent you from developing the unhelpful mindset that you don’t have direct influence over your life.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, if you weren’t hired by your dream company, perhaps it wasn’t your fault. Maybe there was a better candidate, the hiring manager didn’t like you, or the company later decided against hiring a new employee.</div>
<div class="class39">However, even in such a case, it’s valuable to ponder whether there was anything you could have done better. Perhaps you could have improved your resume, asked better questions during the interview, or been better prepared for the questions you had assumed were unlikely to be asked.</div>
<div class="class39">Maybe it still wouldn’t have resulted in success, but at least that way you will have learned something new that will increase your chances of getting hired the next time, and consequently, you get to lift your spirits and boost your determination.</div>
</body>
</html>
