<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0016</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_49">
<div id="toc16_Day_12__On_Calmness_of_Mind" class="class31">Day 12: On Calmness of Mind</div>
<div class="class514">Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom. It is the result of long and patient effort in self-control. Its presence is an indication of ripened experience, and of a more than ordinary knowledge of the laws and operations of thought.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—James Allen</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9618"></span>
<a href="part0386.xhtml" class="class8951">12</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">If I asked you to show me a symbol of self-discipline, you might think of a Buddhist monk, capable of sitting still for hours on end with an empty mind and only a hint of a smile on his face, content simply to <span class="class8960">be</span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Such self-control feels like a superpower in today’s busy and fast-moving world, in which distractions lurk at every corner and buzz in every pocket. A person who’s capable of maintaining calmness of mind is a rare individual — but fortunately you can also become one, if you’re only willing to put in some effort.</div>
<div class="class39">Implementing some kind of a meditative practice in your weekly schedule will not only help you increase your self-control and develop more patience, but also reduce your stress and make you feel happier.</div>
<div class="class39">The most common practice to learn how to calm your mind is to meditate. However, meditation isn’t the only habit that puts you in a meditative state.</div>
<div class="class39">The key to developing everyday calmness is focusing your attention on the present moment or on a single activity that you’re performing. Engaging in a high-focus sport like yoga, rock climbing, <span id="page_50"></span>
or boxing can be a good way to tap into this state — and so can be something as mundane as gardening, dancing, or knitting.</div>
<div class="class39">The more often you put yourself in a meditative state, the calmer you’ll become in everyday situations. Cultivating calmness will lead to even more self-control, and that will lead to an ever-heightening ability to control your state of mind and prevent emotions from clouding your judgment.</div>
</body>
</html>
