<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0310</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc352_Day_306__On_Ignorance" class="class31">Day 306: On Ignoranc<span id="page_576"></span>
e</div>
<div class="class514">There is nothing more frightful than ignorance in action.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Johann Wolfgang von Goethe</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9578"></span>
<a href="part0680.xhtml" class="class8951">306</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Ignorance is a manifestation of laziness. Instead of actively choosing to expand your knowledge, you instead choose to willfully bypass the opportunity to educate yourself. A side effect of ignorance is the fostering of negligence and laxity, two traits that are the opposite of what a successful person should embrace in their life.</div>
<div class="class39">Disregarding important information and choosing to <span class="class8960">not</span>
 know when you <span class="class8960">do</span>
 have access to education is like willfully asking for trouble.</div>
<div class="class39">Being financially illiterate, for example, can lead to economic problems. Ignoring the needs of your partner — instead of learning about what they need from you — can destroy your relationship. Ignorance of the law can lead to prison. Ignoring new technologies and failing to learn about relevant modern inventions makes <span class="class8960">you</span>
 less relevant in your professional life.</div>
<div class="class39">Choose to be prepared rather than ignorant. Know too much instead of too little. Practice your self-discipline by constantly expanding your knowledge — and don’t discontinue your self-education when the truth is uncomfortable or leads to difficult questions.</div>
</body>
</html>
