<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0191</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_363">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8742" class="class31">Day 187: On Not Judging Too Quickly</div>
<div class="class514">Realize that other people think their behavior is more responsive to situational factors than you’re inclined to think — and they’re more likely to be right than you are. They almost certainly know their current situation — and their relevant personal history — better than you do.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Richard Nisbett</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9566"></span>
<a href="part0559.xhtml" class="class8951">185</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">You can develop your self-control while working on your most important goals, but you can also practice it in everyday situations —when judging people, for example.</div>
<div class="class39">Virtually all of us have done it at least once: you assume you know what’s best for another person, while in fact you know nothing about their background or approach to the current situation, yet you judge. It’s hard to resist this temptation; after all, we look at the world through our own filters and consider them suitable for everything and everyone.</div>
<div class="class39">Whenever you catch yourself judging someone harshly, pause and ask yourself if you understand this person’s personal history, motives, and current situation.</div>
<div class="class39">A driver who honked at you might have been a jerk, but he might also have just been diagnosed with cancer, late to an important meeting or driving to the hospital to visit a relative<span id="page_364"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">An overweight person might be lazy, but he or she might also struggle with difficult family issues, health disorders, or be battling against depression.</div>
<div class="class39">You never know the entire picture, so the best approach is to refrain from judging. You’ll improve your “people skills” and at the same time you’ll be practicing your self-control.</div>
</body>
</html>
