<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0353</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_651">
<div id="toc401_Day_349__On_Managing_Energy" class="class31">Day 349: On Managing Energy</div>
<div class="class514">Energy, not time, is the fundamental currency of high performance.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Jim Loehr</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9424"></span>
<a href="part0723.xhtml" class="class8951">349</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">You can have all the time in the world, but if you don’t have energy, it won’t mean anything. Your energy is your primary resource needed to change your life for the better; if you lack it, your chances of attaining your goals drop to zero.</div>
<div class="class39">For this reason, it’s vital to learn how to manage your energy. That’s why I’m so adamant about the importance of healthy habits like getting enough sleep, eating healthily, and exercising regularly. If you don’t have such habits, your energy levels are compromised and you’re less likely to achieve your goals.</div>
<div class="class39">In addition to healthy habits, consider making a list of things, places, and people who energize you and a second list of those that rob you of energy. Now that you have both lists in front of you, think about how you can restructure your life to spend as much time as possible in an energizing environment with energizing people, and as little time as possible in situations that rob your energy.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, large crowds exhaust me, so you’ll almost never find me in one. On the other end of the spectrum, spending time in nature recharges me, so I strive to be outdoors at least a few times a week.</div>
<div class="class39">Energy management is one of the key skills you need to perform well in both your professional and personal life. Let me assure you <span id="page_652"></span>
that no matter how disciplined you are, if you routinely exhaust yourself, one day you’ll burn out. Wouldn’t it be better to learn how to manage your energy today, so that you can avoid this unpleasant problem altogether?</div>
</body>
</html>
