<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0198</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8750" class="class31">Day 194: On Pain and Quittin<span id="page_376"></span>
g</div>
<div class="class514">Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Lance Armstrong</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9404"></span>
<a href="part0566.xhtml" class="class8951">192</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Pain, particularly during strenuous exercise, is often so overpowering that you can barely think straight. However, it’s through this pain that we grow, and it’s a necessary part of the process, just like embracing discomfort in general is essential for rejecting instant gratification in order to accomplish your long-term goals.</div>
<div class="class39">Whenever you feel tempted to give up because of momentary pain, do your best to remind yourself that pain passes, but the disappointment you’ll feel upon quitting will accompany you for a long time. Giving up will give you some relief right now, but the price you’ll have to pay will be ultimately more painful than bearing the pain a little while longer.</div>
<div class="class39">If you think that there’s no way you can handle the pain — something that will probably happen to you during the first several weeks of exercising, for example — tell yourself to only bear it for three seconds longer and then give up. Often, pain is a fleeting high-intensity burst at the moment you first feel it, and then it quickly recedes as your body adapts to it — something I experienced in numerous workouts, as well as when I took cold showers. Waiting for three seconds before you give up can be enough time to enable you to withstand the pain and keep going<span id="page_377"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">As a quick disclaimer, please don’t mistake the kind of pain that’s safe, signaling you’re pushing yourself, with the kind of pain that’s the signal of an injury. Whenever you are pushing your limits, always prioritize safety over everything else.</div>
</body>
</html>
