<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0256</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_481">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8816" class="class31">Day 252: On Getting Older</div>
<div class="class514">The average person is in the habit of saying, “The older I get” and he thereby calls the attention of his mind to the idea that he is getting older. In brief, he compels his mind to believe that he is getting older and older, and thereby directs the mind to produce more and more age. The true expression in this connection is, “The longer I live.” This expression calls the mind’s attention to the length of life, which will, in turn, tend to increase the power of that process in you that can prolong life. When people reach the age of sixty or seventy, they usually speak of “the rest of my days,” thus implying the idea that there are only a few more days remaining. The mind is thereby directed to finish life in a short period of time, and accordingly, all the forces of the mind will proceed to work for the speedy termination of personal existence. The correct expression is “from now on,” as, that leads thought into the future indefinitely without impressing the mind with any end whatever.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Christian D. Larson</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9331"></span>
<a href="part0625.xhtml" class="class8951">251</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">One of the people I admire the most are the elderly who continue to live their lives to the fullest despite the ocean of old people nagging and complaining that it’s too late to change.</div>
<div class="class39">I never understood it: how can you conclude that your life is over and give up simply because you’re older? Is there some force of nature that is making you unable to think, act, and change or is it a deeply-held limiting belief of yours?</div>
<div class="class39">There are plenty of examples of people aged 60 or more doing incredible things. I myself know a rock climber who’s in his sixties or seventies, and yet (even after a complicated surgery) he is still climbing, and doing so better than many young people<span id="page_482"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Don’t use the process of aging as a rationalization for why you can’t reach your goals. It’s true that getting older comes with a higher risk that your body won’t function as well as it used to, but it doesn’t mean that now you should retreat from life.</div>
<div class="class39">Do the best you can with what you have, surround yourself with people who are mentally young (regardless of their biological age), and there’s no risk you’ll ever turn into those bitter, cranky old people who are living their lives while waiting for physical death (because <span class="class8960">mentally</span>
, they’ve already passed away).<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
