<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0251</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_471">
<div id="toc285_Day_247__On_First-Order_and_Second-Order_Consequences" class="class31">Day 247: On First-Order and Second-Order Consequences</div>
<div class="class514">First-order consequences often have opposite desirabilities from second-order consequences.</div>
<div class="class864">First-order consequences of exercise are the pain and time spent. Second-order consequences are better health and more attractive appearance.</div>
<div class="class864">Food that tastes good is often bad for you and vice versa.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Ray Dalio</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9558"></span>
<a href="part0620.xhtml" class="class8951">246</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">When making a decision, resist the temptation to think of the immediate consequences alone. Take into account both the first-order and second-order consequences.</div>
<div class="class39">When the first-order consequences are unpleasant, second-order consequences will usually make up for them. If it’s the other way around and something has good first-order consequences, it’s possible it will be bad for you in the long run.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re about to take it easy for the rest of the day and skip a workout, the first-order consequence is that you get to relax and do something more pleasant. However, the second-order consequence is that you miss a day of exercise, which will potentially affect your routine and in the long haul, lead to your returning to your old, inactive and unfit self.</div>
<div class="class39">There’s more to each decision — no matter how small — than just how it’s going to make you feel immediately. If you fail to account for the second-order consequences, you’ll never learn how <span id="page_472"></span>
to discern between ultimately meaningless immediate gratification and the power of delaying rewards for a better outcome in the future (or vice versa — you won’t be able to see that the pain or discomfort today can lead to immense benefits in the future).</div>
</body>
</html>
