<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0319</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_591">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8888" class="class31">Day 315: On the Cost of Education and Ignorance</div>
<div class="class514">If you think education is expensive — try ignorance.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Ann Landers</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9227"></span>
<a href="part0690.xhtml" class="class8951">316</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">One of the worst excuses you can use to rationalize that you can’t educate yourself is to say that you don’t have the money needed to do so.</div>
<div class="class39">For one, ignorance is more expensive than education. One valuable piece of advice from a book can recoup its price a thousand times or more, while committing one big mistake (that educating yourself might have prevented) can lead to devastating losses.</div>
<div class="class39">A person who has never taken the time to learn how to eat healthily — something a $15 book can rectify — can ultimately pay for it with their life, while a person new to fitness may pay for their ignorance with a painful injury — something they could have prevented by watching a few free videos on proper form.</div>
<div class="class39">Second, in today’s world, education is available freely to anyone who has access to the Internet. While a private teacher can help you immensely, you can also learn a lot (on your own) from free videos, tutorials, articles, and books.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I taught myself how to write (I’ve never taken any formal courses, yet I’m now a bestselling author), how to create and modify websites (I’m not a programmer, yet I can design a <span id="page_592"></span>
professional website, using available resources), or how to promote my books (even though I don’t have a degree in marketing).</div>
<div class="class39">It’s important to escape the paradigm of “education equals a college degree.” You aren’t educated merely because a piece of a paper says so. In fact, it’s often the opposite. Many students treat college as an extension of their childhood instead of an opportunity to learn and gain experience. Meanwhile, those who skip going to college often gain valuable, real-world experience that they can build upon.</div>
<div class="class39">When hiring contractors to help me in my business, I never look at their formal education. All I care about is their reviews, portfolio, and proposal specifying how they can help me. It’s what they can specifically do for me that counts, not mere words that may or may not confirm that they’re educated.</div>
<div class="class39">If you aren’t sure where to find high-quality education online for free or for a low price, check out Udemy, Coursera, Khan Academy, Stanford Online, Harvard Extension, Open Yale Courses, Codecademy, or simply look for the topic that interests you on YouTube, Amazon or in the iTunes store.</div>
</body>
</html>
