<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0357</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8932" class="class31">Day 353: On Glancing at Your Smartphon<span id="page_656"></span>
e</div>
<div class="class514">If every moment of potential boredom is relieved with a quick glance at your smartphone, then your brain has likely been rewired to a point where it’s not ready for deep work — even if you regularly schedule time to practice this concentration.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Cal Newport</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9193"></span>
<a href="part0727.xhtml" class="class8951">353</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">If you have a tendency to glance at your smartphone every few minutes or the thought of leaving your smartphone in another room for a few minutes gives you an anxiety attack, it’s time to embrace your self-control to defeat this habit.</div>
<div class="class39">It sounds like a little insignificant thing, but in fact it’s a sign of a deeper issue: your brain has been rewired in such a way that you physically <span class="class8960">cannot</span>
 resist the urge to periodically check your phone. Consequently, you can’t maintain focus for more than a few minutes, and I don’t think I need to explain why this ruins your productivity.</div>
<div class="class39">Start slowly. Instead of checking your phone every five minutes, wait for ten minutes. Then, when it gets easier, try twenty. Thirty. Forty. One hour.</div>
<div class="class39">Again, it’s a tiny bad habit, but working on it presents a valuable exercise in growing your willpower. It will also eventually improve your ability to engage in deep work that you’d otherwise  keep interrupting by checking your phone every few minutes.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
