<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0328</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_609">
<div id="toc373_Day_324__On_Ignoring_the_World_When_You_re_Down" class="class31">Day 324: On Ignoring the World When You’re Down</div>
<div class="class514">So long as the man with ambition is a failure, the world will tell him to let go of his ideal; but when his ambition is realized, the world will praise him for the persistence and the determination that he manifested during his dark hours, and everybody will point to his life as an example for coming generations. This is invariably the rule. Therefore pay no attention to what the world says when you are down. Be determined to get up, to reach the highest goal you have in view, and you will.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Christian D. Larson</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9260"></span>
<a href="part0699.xhtml" class="class8951">325</a>
</div>
<div class="class4931">Larson’s words were as true during his era (he wrote those words in 1912) as they are now. If you’re ambitious — something that most people lack — you’re already considered a little weird by society’s standards.</div>
<div class="class39">People will try to persuade you to give up or take it easy because it’s a threat to their own egos. If you — a person just like them — manages to turn his or her dreams into reality, what does it say about their capabilities?</div>
<div class="class39">This invariably changes when you reach success. While you were down, few people stopped to lend a helping hand or offer you words of support. When you’re successful, suddenly everyone proclaims that they knew from the get-go that you would succeed.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re currently struggling and feeling down, make an effort to surround yourself with positive input as if you wanted to build a <span id="page_610"></span>
protective bubble around yourself. Keep away from negative people who would love to finish you off with their nasty remarks. Get up, try again, and keep going until you get there.</div>
<div class="class39">Take note of who was there for you while you were struggling and don’t forget to reward them with your gratitude. As for the others? Forget them; fair-weather friends are no friends at all.</div>
</body>
</html>
