<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0093</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_191">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8630" class="class31">Day 89: On Not Making Excuses</div>
<div class="class514">You have to deliver results when making excuses is an option.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Dan Waldschmidt</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9313"></span>
<a href="part0458.xhtml" class="class8951">84</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Self-discipline comes down to choosing between instant and delayed gratification. Instant gratification feels good today but compromises your long-term goals, while delayed gratification usually doesn’t deliver much in the way of instant pleasure, but it can lead to bigger rewards in the future.</div>
<div class="class39">Sometimes you’ll find yourself in a situation in which you’ll be able to make excuses; they may even sound so sensible that (upon hearing your rationalizations) nobody would question your backing out of that situation. However, don’t let them fool you — even if there’s <span class="class8960">some</span>
 legitimacy to them, in most cases it’s still nothing other than choosing instant gratification.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, if you want to establish a habit of jogging three times a week and one day it rains and you’re afraid you’ll get sick, you have a valid excuse to skip exercise. After all, there <span class="class8960">is</span>
 a higher risk of getting sick when running in bad weather, right?</div>
<div class="class39">However, it sets a dangerous precedent: you’re making a decision that your habits depend on the weather. Your self-control (or your lack of it) is now at the mercy of external factors, largely dependent on whether jogging in the given circumstances is easy or not. Is this the right way to build mental toughness and self-discipline<span id="page_192"></span>
?</div>
<div class="class39">If you decide to keep going instead of defaulting to the easy choice of using (partly valid) excuses, you’ll immensely strengthen your resolve. It takes even more discipline — and consequently offers a greater opportunity to exercise your self-control muscle — to stick to something when you have a good justification to not do it.</div>
</body>
</html>
