<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0185</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_352">
<div id="toc209_Day_181__On_the_Disciplined_Pursuit_of_Less" class="class31">Day 181: On the Disciplined Pursuit of Less</div>
<div class="class514">If success is a catalyst for failure because it leads to the “undisciplined pursuit of more,” then one simple antidote is the disciplined pursuit of less. Not just haphazardly saying no, but purposefully, deliberately, and strategically eliminating the nonessentials.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Greg McKeown</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8984"></span>
<a href="part0553.xhtml" class="class8951">179</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">It takes work to simplify one’s life, and perhaps that’s why most people are engaged in the undisciplined pursuit of more rather than less.</div>
<div class="class39">Saying no is uncomfortable, so by default they say yes to new obligations. They don’t pause and ponder on how they use up their energy because it takes too much work. There’s always something urgent to do, and hence they never take the time to deliberately eliminate what’s unessential in their lives so they can focus on what matters.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s particularly important to remedy a situation in which your non-priorities dominate your priorities. For example, when you spend several hours a week cleaning your house and then don’t have time and energy for exercise, it’s a clear case of nonessentials robbing your priorities. Harness the power of self-discipline to make some uncomfortable changes, such as hiring a cleaning person so that you can free up your time and energy to focus on what matters more — your well-being<span id="page_353"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to retain control over your life, embrace the strategy of deliberately pursuing less. Instead of thinking how you can add more to your life, figure out what you can eliminate from it, in order to make more time for what matters most for you. Think twice before you accept any new obligations or add new events to your calendar.</div>
</body>
</html>
