<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0263</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_494">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8824" class="class31">Day 259: On the Motivation to Get Up Early</div>
<div class="class514">It’s like waking up on a cold, snowy day in a mountain cabin ready to go for a walk but knowing that first you have to get out of bed and make a fire. You’d rather stay in that cozy bed, but you jump out and make the fire because the brightness of the day in front of you is bigger than staying in bed.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Pema Chödrön</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9433"></span>
<a href="part0632.xhtml" class="class8951">258</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Without a doubt, one of the most difficult challenges for self-discipline is getting out of the warm, comfortable bed early in the morning, when you’re still half-asleep, only partially able to think logically.</div>
<div class="class39">Curiously, in my personal experience, this rarely happens if I’m on a vacation. I might even jump out of bed, eager to start another exciting day.</div>
<div class="class39">I’ve found that if I don’t have any particular expectations for the day in front of me, I struggle to get out of bed. Whether you’re self-disciplined or not, a lack of something you’re looking forward to during the day will make it hard to get out of bed.</div>
<div class="class39">Each evening, before going to sleep, think about a convincing reason to get out of bed early — or set an ambitious long-term goal on which you’ll work daily that will ensure that each day you’ll have a reason to get up.</div>
<div class="class39">Unless the reason is more exciting or pressing than sleeping in, you’ll probably have a hard time getting out of bed. Note that <span id="page_495"></span>
nothing — including fancy clocks, tracking your sleep phases, or putting your alarm across the room — will be as helpful for your self-control in the morning as having a good reason to wake up.</div>
</body>
</html>
