<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0121</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_243">
<div id="toc136_Day_117__On_Dressing_New_Things_in_Old_Habits" class="class31">Day 117: On Dressing New Things in Old Habits</div>
<div class="class514">Whether selling a new song, a new food, or a new crib, the lesson is the same: If you dress a new something in old habits, it’s easier for the public to accept it.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Charles Duhigg</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9597"></span>
<a href="part0486.xhtml" class="class8951">112</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">You’ll find it easier to change your current negative habits if you make your new, positive habits seem similar to your original, disempowering patterns.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, if you’re a huge fan of potatoes (more specifically, French fries), and now your diet forces you to give them up, it might prove to be too big of a challenge for you to eliminate them just like that.</div>
<div class="class39">What if you allowed yourself to eat potatoes, but in a healthier form? Instead of eating French fries, you could eat baked potatoes that were sliced in a similar way as your beloved fries.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s an improvement to your diet, it gives you some positive momentum, and yet it shouldn’t cost you that much in terms of willpower.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to start jogging and you’re a fan of listening to podcasts, why not tell yourself that you’re going to listen to some podcasts and in the meantime, move a little? It doesn’t sound like such a big, difficult change, does it<span id="page_244"></span>
?</div>
<div class="class39">Whenever you can, find a way to link a new change or make it as similar as possible (in appearance, not consequences) to your previous negative habit. That way, it will more easily become a permanent routine in your life.</div>
</body>
</html>
