<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0196</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_372">
<div id="toc222_Day_192__On_Being_in_It_for_the_Long_Term" class="class31">Day 192: On Being in It for the Long Term</div>
<div class="class514">Tests compared new musicians who saw themselves as in it for the long term, versus just trying it. With the same amount of practice, the long-term-commitment group outperformed the short-term-commitment group by 400 percent. The long-term-commitment group, with a mere twenty minutes of weekly practice, progressed faster than the short-termers who practiced for an hour and a half. When long-term commitment combined with high levels of practice, skills skyrocketed.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Daniel Coyle</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9535"></span>
<a href="part0564.xhtml" class="class8951">190</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">There’s something about long-term commitment that makes it immensely more powerful than doing something once-off, even when the amount of time spent practicing is the same in both cases.</div>
<div class="class39">What matters is not putting in the same number of hours every now and then, but putting in time consistently, even if it’s a small amount of time. In other words, the winning strategy is that of a marathoner, running long distances slowly, and not that of a sprinter, running short distances quickly.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, as a writer, I currently follow a routine of writing at least 1000 words a day. I wouldn’t be able to do my best work by not having a schedule and writing in a random fashion instead. It’s the everyday habit that keeps my writing sharp, and whenever I take a longer break from writing, I need at least several days to get back into the groove. Consequently, I make sure that even if I can’t write 1000 words for some reason, I at least write <span class="class8960">something</span>
<span id="page_373"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Are your goals designed in such a way that you’re working on them regularly or are you doing them from time to time, in an erratic fashion? How can you develop a system that will ensure that each day or each week you practice for a set period of time?</div>
</body>
</html>
