<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0282</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc320_Day_278__On_the_Rent_Axiom" class="class31">Day 278: On the Rent Axio<span id="page_526"></span>
m</div>
<div class="class514">The Rent Axiom says that success is never owned. Success is only rented and the rent is due every day.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Rory Vaden</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9399"></span>
<a href="part0652.xhtml" class="class8951">278</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">The Rent Axiom is a powerful way to look at success. Instead of thinking of success as something that is given to you, thus risking that you’ll take it for granted and become complacent, you assume that you only rent it — and to keep it in your life, you need to pay the rent each and every day.</div>
<div class="class39">Another consequence of adopting this perspective is that you’ll stop looking for shortcuts or temporary solutions. The rent is due every day, so it’s not like you can take one magic pill and forever solve all of your problems.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s an empowering outlook on life that will help you not only <span class="class8960">reach</span>
 success, but also (which is even more important) to <span class="class8960">maintain</span>
 it.</div>
<div class="class39">Thousands of people all over the world have successfully lost weight, started exercising more, built successful businesses, improved their relationships, learned new skills, wrote books, and achieved other goals. However, thousands of them also lost their success when they assumed it was there forever.</div>
<div class="class39">Spouses stopped putting in the effort. Businessmen let their competition crush them. Dieters reverted to their old habits and regained weight. If you don’t want this to happen to you, remember <span id="page_527"></span>
to pay your rent every day and always make sure that your current actions confirm that you deserve the success you’ve achieved.</div>
</body>
</html>
