<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0164</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc185_Day_160__On_Deliberate_Practice" class="class31">Day 160: On Deliberate Practic<span id="page_316"></span>
e</div>
<div class="class514">Doing things we know how to do well is enjoyable, and that’s exactly the opposite of what deliberate practice demands. Instead of doing what we’re good at, we insistently seek out what we’re not good at. Then we identify the painful, difficult activities that will make us better and do those things over and over. After each repetition, we force ourselves to see — or get others to tell us — exactly what still isn’t right so we can repeat the most painful and difficult parts of what we’ve just done.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Geoff Colvin</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9356"></span>
<a href="part0529.xhtml" class="class8951">155</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Concentrating on what you aren’t good at instead of exclusively doing what you do well can dramatically speed up your progress rate, particularly in a complex endeavor that has many moving pieces.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s tempting to stick to doing what you’re good at and ignore the rest. It feels enjoyable, and if it’s a skill you can show off to others, that’s another reason to stick to what you do well. However, ultimately you can find little growth in repeating (over and over again) what you’ve already mastered, while other aspects of your performance leave something to be desired.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, in rock climbing one of my weaknesses is climbing routes that rely heavily on finger strength. I could choose to ignore any routes of this nature, but doing so would mean dramatically slowing down my progress, if not bringing it to a halt. Even though it gives me great pleasure to climb routes with easier handholds and climbing the ones requiring finger strength is often a nightmare, I <span id="page_317"></span>
know that ultimately, it’s the <span class="class8960">uncomfortable</span>
 routes that will make me a better climber.</div>
<div class="class39">Focusing on your strengths and ignoring or bypassing what you aren’t good at is a form of instant gratification. Meanwhile, identifying the painful, difficult activities that will address your weaknesses requires sacrifice, but ultimately leads to bigger rewards in the future. Go with the latter.</div>
</body>
</html>
