<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0333</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc378_Day_329__On_a_Change_in_Beliefs" class="class31">Day 329: On a Change in Belief<span id="page_618"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">All personal breakthroughs begin with a change in beliefs. So how do we change? The most effective way is to get your brain to associate massive pain to the old belief. You must feel deep in your gut that not only has this belief cost you pain in the past, but it’s costing you in the present and, ultimately, can only bring you pain in the future.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Tony Robbins</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9222"></span>
<a href="part0704.xhtml" class="class8951">330</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">You won’t change until you recognize your bad beliefs and habits as your enemies. The best way to change them is to associate them with the pain that they’ve been steadily delivering to you ever since you first adopted them.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I overcame my habit of staying up late and waking up at 1-2 p.m. largely because of associating it with the depression I felt each winter because of a lack of sunlight.</div>
<div class="class39">Upon realizing that my habit and belief that I was a night owl had cost me so much and would bring me so much more pain in the future, I switched my routine. Today I can hardly think of a better feeling than getting up early and being super productive from beginning my day in the early morning.</div>
<div class="class39">What are your habits and beliefs costing you? You need to recognize all the different kinds of costs they have generated, are generating, and will continue to generate in the future if you don’t make some changes in your life. You will only be ready to change when you feel deep down in your gut how detrimental they are to you and your life.</div>
</body>
</html>
