<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0072</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_149">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8606" class="class31">Day 68: On Choosing the Right Motivator</div>
<div class="class514">For me success was always going to be a Lamborghini. But now I’ve got it, it just sits on my drive.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—50 Cent</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9605"></span>
<a href="part0438.xhtml" class="class8951">64</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">External rewards like a Lamborghini are poor motivators.</div>
<div class="class39">For one, I’ve heard countless times about people willing to endure immense torture to stay true to their values or save their loved ones, but I’ve yet to hear a story of a person willing to die for their new Lexus.</div>
<div class="class39">Second, materialistic rewards give fleeting happiness and often come with more problems than benefits. Just ask any owner of a Lamborghini how much fun it is to see people constantly taking pictures of their car, how fun it is to spend thousands of dollars for a simple check-up, or how stressed-out they are in the parking lot, afraid of an envious driver of a beat-up car dinging their shiny vehicle.</div>
<div class="class39">Last but most definitely not least, a powerful motivator should feel like a necessity, a thing you can’t live without, and not a mere toy that displays your high status, which ultimately nobody cares about.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re struggling to stick to your resolution, perhaps the only motivation you have is the extrinsic type, driven by money, fame, or <span id="page_150"></span>
prizes. This type of motivation isn’t bad per se; what’s bad is when it’s the only thing that keeps you going.</div>
<div class="class39">Whenever you’re setting new goals, go beyond mere external rewards. Instead, support your self-discipline with intrinsic motivators — internal rewards, such as doing something out of a need to grow as a person, achieve more independence, realize your full potential, enjoy yourself, learn, or explore.</div>
<div class="class39">Combine this motivation with a need to make the world a better place, and you’ll have a powerful source of inspiration that will enable you to grin and bear the difficulties that you’ll undoubtedly encounter along the way.</div>
</body>
</html>
