<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0055</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_114">
<div id="toc61_Day_51__On_Taking_Action__in_Spite_of_Potential_Criticism" class="class31">Day 51: On Taking Action, in Spite of Potential Criticism</div>
<div class="class514">People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.</div>
<div class="class675">—Unknown</div>
<div class="class39">Some people don’t want to start exercising because they’re afraid that others will laugh at their inability to perform a pushup or run for more than sixty seconds without losing their breath. They might be afraid that their friends will talk behind their backs, taking bets when they’re going to fail.</div>
<div class="class39">Thousands of people all over the world dream of entrepreneurship, but are afraid to take the first step because if their business fails, their ego will suffer too hard of a blow.</div>
<div class="class39">Self-discipline isn’t only about forcing yourself to do things that are unpleasant for the sake of long-term goals. It’s also about resisting the temptation to stay mediocre in order to avoid criticism. True, staying in your comfort zone is safe and there’s little criticism you’ll encounter along the way. However, there’s a high price associated with this choice: you won’t ever get to change your current situation.</div>
<div class="class39">Over the long term, how important is it really that some unintelligent meathead smirks at you at the gym when you’re struggling to complete a set of pushups? Is the momentary pain of <span id="page_115"></span>
that really greater than the pain of regret when you realize that another year has passed without you acting on your goals?</div>
</body>
</html>
