<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0220</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_417">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8775" class="class31">Day 216: On Accounting for Flexibility in Your Plans</div>
<div class="class514">Another drawback of daily plans is that they lack flexibility. They deprive the person of the chance to make choices along the way, so the person feels locked into a rigid and grinding sequence of tasks. Life rarely goes exactly according to plan, and so the daily plans can be demoralizing as soon as you fall off schedule. With a monthly plan, you can make adjustments. If a delay arises one day, your plan is still intact.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Roy Baumeister</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9198"></span>
<a href="part0588.xhtml" class="class8951">214</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">I’m a fan of daily routines: writing a specific number of words, sticking to the same number of consumed calories, or learning the same number of words in a foreign language every day.</div>
<div class="class39">However, at the same time, having experienced on more than a few occasions that life often doesn’t go exactly according to the plan and disruptions are bound to happen, I account for some flexibility in my plan. This way, when I mess up one day, it doesn’t have to affect my entire progress.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, whenever I’m tweaking my caloric intake, I try to focus more on what happens during an entire week or month than any specific day. This way, if I mess it up one day by eating too little or too much, it doesn’t matter because I can make up for it the next day or a week later. Granted, it carries the risk of making regular exceptions and setting a precedent, so it’s important to always plan exactly when you’re going to adjust for a day of variance<span id="page_418"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Recently I set for myself a goal to write 10 daily entries for this book for 10 days so that after the end of this sprint, I will have written entries for 100 days, or almost 30% of the book.</div>
<div class="class39">If I were to only count it as successful if I stuck to writing 10 entries every day, without allowing myself any kind of flexibility, I’d have failed on the eighth day, which I spent outdoors. However, knowing that such a disruption would happen, I wrote 14 entries the day before my trip and 6 in the early morning before my departure.</div>
<div class="class39">Thanks to accounting for flexibility, I avoided the demoralizing effect of dropping the ball, and after 10 days, I had also completed my goal of writing 100 entries in total.</div>
<div class="class39">When setting new routines and goals, allow yourself some flexibility, too. If you have a daily quota, don’t immediately count it as a failure if you don’t perform it for one day. Work a little more for the next several days and instead of falling off the bandwagon, you’ll still achieve your original goal.</div>
</body>
</html>
