<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0026</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_64">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8553" class="class510">WEEK 4</div>
<div id="toc28_Day_22__On_Self-Discipline_as_Freedom" class="class512">Day 22: On Self-Discipline as Freedom</div>
<div class="class514">Self-discipline is a form of freedom. Freedom from laziness and lethargy, freedom from the expectations and demands of others, freedom from weakness and fear or doubt. Self-discipline allows a pitcher to feel his individuality, his inner strength, his talent. He is master of, rather than a slave to, his thoughts and emotions.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—H. A. Dorfman</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9493"></span>
<a href="part0396.xhtml" class="class8951">22</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Changing the way you think about self-discipline can help you become more self-disciplined. If you think about it in terms of deprivation and suffering, guess what! You’ll never find enjoyment in personal growth, and most likely will soon give up on your endeavors.</div>
<div class="class39">On the other hand, a person who thinks of self-discipline as a form of freedom will welcome opportunities to practice his or her self-control.</div>
<div class="class39">When facing temptations and fighting hard to not let them enslave you, remember that through letting go of them, you aren’t losing anything substantial; the freedom to be a master of your thoughts and emotions is ultimately worth more than any temporary gratification, of which you’re depriving yourself.</div>
</body>
</html>
