<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0077</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_158">
<div id="toc86_Day_73__On_Having_Fun" class="class31">Day 73: On Having Fun</div>
<div class="class514">Fun is at the core of the way I like to do business and it has been key to everything I’ve done from the outset. More than any other element, fun is the secret of Virgin’s success. I am aware that the idea of business as being fun and creative goes right against the grain of convention, and it’s certainly not how they teach it at some of those business schools, where business means hard grind and lots of “discounted cash flows” and “net present values”.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Richard Branson</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9492"></span>
<a href="part0443.xhtml" class="class8951">69</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Building self-discipline and working on your long-term goals doesn’t have to be a chore. In fact, if it is, you’ll have a hard time reaching success because if something bores you to tears or doesn’t produce much excitement, it’s difficult to stick to it in the long term.</div>
<div class="class39">Probably the most common area in which I see most people struggling because of lack of fun is exercise. If you succumb to the popular notion that exercise has to be repetitive, painful, and boring, guess what… A few weeks from now, you’ll be back in front of your TV, wondering what motivated you to do such a stupid thing as attending those torturous fitness classes.</div>
<div class="class39">The only way to develop a permanent habit of regular physical activity is to find an exercise you enjoy. Without the fun factor, exercise will always feel like a chore, and you probably already have enough obligations in your life.</div>
<div class="class39">The same applies to virtually any other endeavor. I treat my business seriously, but at the same time I’m trying to make it a bit more fun, either by throwing in a joke here and there while writing a <span id="page_159"></span>
book, coming up with a fun writing challenge, or testing new exciting ideas.</div>
<div class="class39">Do you consider working on your goals enjoyable and fun or is it mostly a chore? If it’s the latter, time to grab a notepad and make a list of things you can do to introduce more fun and excitement.</div>
</body>
</html>
