<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0209</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_397">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8763" class="class31">Day 205: On Treating Hate as an Exercise</div>
<div class="class514">I have no time to quarrel, no time for regrets and no man can force me to stoop low enough to hate him.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Laurence Jones</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9639"></span>
<a href="part0577.xhtml" class="class8951">203</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Critics can get the best of even the world class top-performers with millions of fans.</div>
<div class="class39">Sadly, most of us have a tendency to focus more on a single instance of hatred than on a multitude of people expressing their love for ourselves or our work.</div>
<div class="class39">Fortunately, encountering hate can serve as a valuable exercise in building self-control. As Laurence Jones points out, it’s your choice as to whether you stoop low enough to radiate hate back, or ignore it and focus on something else that is more important.</div>
<div class="class39">When you meet with criticism, skepticism or sarcasm, receive it as an opportunity to practice self-control. Instead of responding to it, think of it as a minor annoyance that tests your patience. You have just “down-sized” it to a level where it’s just not worth your time or energy.</div>
<div class="class39">Just like you can practice restraint when you’re stuck in traffic, you can improve your self-control by disregarding hate. That way, you’ll get two benefits: you’ll improve your willpower and avoid ruining your mood by engaging in negative emotions.</div>
</body>
</html>
