<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0154</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8700" class="class31">Day 150: On Indulgences Charging <span id="page_298"></span>
You Interest</div>
<div class="class514">It’s this great paradox that only a few people understand, but ultra-performers have realized that procrastination and indulgence are like these creditors that charge us interest. They make us feel good now, it’s easy in the short term, but it’s what creates the more difficult life.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Rory Vaden</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9263"></span>
<a href="part0519.xhtml" class="class8951">145</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Metaphors can serve as useful tools to better understand and embrace concepts that otherwise don’t produce an emotional effect.</div>
<div class="class39">If I tell you that putting things off and indulging yourself affect you negatively in the long term, perhaps you’ll agree with me and stay away from them. Or perhaps you’ll ignore me, because the statement in itself isn’t emotionally-charged and memorable.</div>
<div class="class39">Instead, what if you embraced the metaphor that procrastination and indulgence are like your creditors? They extend you some credit today, but don’t fool yourself — they <span class="class8960">will</span>
 be back, asking you to give the money back along with interest.</div>
<div class="class39">The more you overeat today, the more time you’ll have to spend in the future in a caloric deficit. A cake today is so tasty and nice to have, but don’t let it fool you — under the friendly face hides a ruthless banker.</div>
<div class="class39">The more time you spend playing video games, the harder it will be in the future to give up the habit and become more productive. <span id="page_299"></span>
Indulging yourself feels good today, but there <span class="class8960">will</span>
 be a price to pay for it!</div>
<div class="class39">What are the interest rates your indulgences charge you? The next time you’re about to succumb to a temptation, ask yourself if you want to place yourself in debt, in exchange for a fleeting moment of pleasure.</div>
</body>
</html>
