<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0058</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc64_Day_54__On_Underestimating_the_Long-Term_Approach" class="class31">Day 54: On Underestimating the Long-Term Approac<span id="page_120"></span>
h</div>
<div class="class514">We always overestimate the change that will occur in the next two years and underestimate the change that will occur in the next ten. Don’t let yourself be lulled into inaction.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Bill Gates</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9015"></span>
<a href="part0425.xhtml" class="class8951">51</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Bill Gates’ quote refers to the evolution of personal computing, but the world of self-discipline isn’t any different.</div>
<div class="class39">A staggering number of people give up on their goals just weeks or months into them, discouraged that they <span class="class8960">still</span>
 haven’t reached their goals or that their results are lackluster.</div>
<div class="class39">Sorry to have to break it to you, but the world doesn’t work that way. With few exceptions, nobody can build a successful business in six months, achieve a perfect physique in three months, learn a new language in four weeks, or become a self-disciplined person overnight.</div>
<div class="class39">However, the sky is the limit for those who are in it for the long haul. Ten years of dedicated practice can turn anyone into a world-class expert. When you gain momentum, you’ll get exponential results. The trick is to stick to your goals long enough for the velocity to accrue.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, in the first year you might only get your business off the ground, but in its third or fourth year it can explode virtually overnight. What actually happens is not an overnight success, but a <span id="page_121"></span>
process that took place over several years, during which it built upon itself in an exponential way.</div>
<div class="class39">When you look at my catalog of books, you might be tempted to say that I succeeded right away. “Martin’s first book became a bestseller, so it’s possible to become a bestselling author in a few months.”</div>
<div class="class39">That would be a great example of overestimating what you can achieve in a short period of time. My first book wasn’t actually my first book. I’d been writing — articles, blog posts, books, etc. — for a long time before I started writing about self-discipline. It was a process of well over ten years that resulted in my becoming a bestselling author.</div>
<div class="class39">Whenever setting a new goal, take the long-term approach. Unlike the person who assumes that their world can change overnight, be in it for the long haul, and the short-term fluctuations won’t make you give up.</div>
</body>
</html>
