<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0348</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_643">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8921" class="class510">WEEK 50</div>
<div id="toc396_Day_344__On_the_Desire_for_Safety" class="class512">Day 344: On the Desire for Safety</div>
<div class="class514">The desire for safety stands against every great and noble enterprise.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Tacitus</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9602"></span>
<a href="part0718.xhtml" class="class8951">344</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">When setting any new goals, the desire for safety will fight against the desire for growth. Choosing safety is choosing instant gratification, while going for growth might be uncomfortable now, but will eventually deliver bigger and better rewards.</div>
<div class="class39">Learn how to overcome the desire for safety by regularly expanding your comfort zone and reaping the rewards of doing so. It’s hard to imagine how beneficial temporarily giving up safety can be unless you actually do it. No words of mine will persuade you more than you actually venturing out, testing it for yourself, and feeling more powerful, thanks to facing your fears.</div>
<div class="class39">You can also follow the strategy of alternating between periods of safety and growth: after each big step forward that required courage and put you in an uncomfortable situation, give yourself a few days to enjoy safety. Then, when you feel secure and recharged, expose yourself to danger and growth again. That way, you’ll consistently stretch yourself in a sustainable way, without ever completely exhausting your mental energy.</div>
<div class="class39">That’s what I often do during my rock climbing workouts: on some workouts I favor technical routes that require little courage but <span id="page_644"></span>
lots of focus and then on other workouts, I climb difficult, mental routes where a fear of falling enters into the equation.</div>
<div class="class39">Thanks to this approach, I rarely don’t feel like climbing; whenever I don’t feel mentally ready to give up the feeling of security, I can simply do something else and then expand my comfort zone the next time, when I’ll have recovered.</div>
<div class="class39">Stretch your comfort zone frequently, but do it in a sustainable way: ensure that you regularly get to enjoy at least a short period of security to gather energy for another expedition that will take you beyond your comfort zone.</div>
</body>
</html>
