<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0206</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8759" class="class31">Day 202: On Accepting the Wors<span id="page_391"></span>
t</div>
<div class="class514">True peace of mind comes from accepting the worst. Psychologically, I think it means a release of energy.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Lin Yutang</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9081"></span>
<a href="part0574.xhtml" class="class8951">200</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">If you can’t stop worrying, accept that the worst will happen and let it go. Having released this negative energy, you can now think of constructive ways to deal with the aftermath instead of wasting your time fearing the worst.</div>
<div class="class39">This technique sounds simplistic, but it’s actually a powerful way to escape from fear-driven paralysis.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, if you’re constantly worried that your business will not succeed and you’re procrastinating about getting started, assume that it <span class="class8960">will</span>
 go bankrupt.</div>
<div class="class39">What can you do to ensure that the failure of your business won’t have a big impact on your life? Make a list of potential solutions, such as starting your business on a shoestring or working on it only during the weekends, without it negatively affecting your day job.</div>
<div class="class39">Now, if your business actually fails, you’ll know how to cope. And if it doesn’t, being prepared won’t hurt you. In the end, thanks to accepting the worst, you can escape indecision and be better prepared both for success and failure.</div>
</body>
</html>
