<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0327</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_607">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8897" class="class510">WEEK 47</div>
<div id="toc372_Day_323__On_Prolonged_Sitting" class="class512">Day 323: On Prolonged Sitting</div>
<div class="class514">Because a dramatic reduction in energy expenditure was not accompanied by reduced appetite, prolonged sitting may promote excess energy intake, leading to weight gain in both men and women.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Kirsten Granados</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9653"></span>
<a href="part0698.xhtml" class="class8951">324</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Research shows that even though there’s a dramatic reduction in energy expenditure when we sit, our appetites don’t drop down accordingly. This means that the more time you spend sitting, the more of a caloric surplus you create, and you gain weight more easily.</div>
<div class="class39">This poses a big problem for self-discipline because no amount of self-control will help you lose weight if you don’t expend much energy but your appetite behaves as if you did.</div>
<div class="class39">If you sit at work, consider standing up for at least a period of time when working. Stand-up desks are getting more and more popular, so it might be worth it to consider buying one or building it yourself. If it’s not possible to work standing up, at least get up every now and then and perform some quick exercises to offset some of the negative consequences of sitting.</div>
<div class="class39">At home, one of the biggest offenders is mindlessly watching TV. You can greatly reduce the amount of time spent sitting by eliminating cable TV and only watching specific movies or TV shows. Channel-hopping puts you in a zombie-like state, which, <span id="page_608"></span>
when combined with snacking, can make it almost impossible to ever get in shape.</div>
<div class="class39">Think of sitting as a debt you need to repay. Fortunately, you can repay the debt not only with actual exercise, but also with little actions: standing up in the kitchen, performing household chores, taking the stairs instead of the elevator, parking a little bit farther away from the entrance to the supermarket.</div>
<div class="class39">Strive to move as much as you can, and you’ll reduce the negative impact prolonged sitting has on your well-being and increase your chances of successfully shedding that belly fat.</div>
</body>
</html>
