<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0275</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_513">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8838" class="class31">Day 271: On How to Use Books</div>
<div class="class514">Books... are like lobster shells, we surround ourselves with ‘em, then we grow out of ‘em and leave ‘em behind, as evidence of our earlier stages of development.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Dorothy L. Sayers</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9547"></span>
<a href="part0644.xhtml" class="class8951">270</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">When you’re new to the world of personal development, you read whatever you can grab your hands on. Every single classic, every book recommended to you by somebody you respect, every new bestselling release. At first, it’s a fine strategy: you get to expose yourself to different authors, learn the fundamentals, and look at personal development from different perspectives.</div>
<div class="class39">However, as time passes, you should leave some books behind and progress to more specific advice. For example, I used to read one general self-help book after another. Soon I found them all similar to each other. Each new title added little to my knowledge. I outgrew those books, and needed to find a new teacher.</div>
<div class="class39">I transitioned to reading books about a more specific topic than general personal development: how to change myself to become a successful entrepreneur (and how to actually start and run a profitable company), how to improve my communication skills, how to eat healthily, or how to develop focus.</div>
<div class="class39">Then I started reading more biographies and autobiographies, where the lessons usually aren’t as clearly laid out as in a regular how-to book, but which are unique and more insightful, related to a <span id="page_514"></span>
specific problem the person portrayed in the biography had dealt with.</div>
<div class="class39">Recently I started expanding my horizons and seeking out books about specific problems I struggle with (for example, how to develop a better life philosophy) and reading books from other domains, so I could draw parallels from them and apply their principles to my own life.</div>
<div class="class39">Think of different categories of books as your development stages. When a given type of a book no longer serves you, find a new teacher.</div>
</body>
</html>
