<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0031</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc33_Day_27__On_Following_the_Wrong_Path" class="class31">Day 27: On Following the Wrong <span id="page_72"></span>
Path</div>
<div class="class514">If something scares you in an excited way, (something that *gives* you energy) — that’s a good sign.</div>
<div class="class864">BUT IF SOMETHING IS MAKING YOU MISERABLE AND DRAINING YOUR ENERGY, PLEASE STOP.</div>
<div class="class864">Life is telling you that is not the path for you.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Derek Sivers</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9591"></span>
<a href="part0400.xhtml" class="class8951">26</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">When you think about pursuing your goals, you might be tempted to think that the process will be long, arduous, and painful. While it’s good to assume that it won’t be a walk in the park, there’s a danger in equating the journey with being miserable.</div>
<div class="class39">Self-discipline is powerful as long as you apply it to the goals you care about— the ones that, even when they are difficult to accomplish, energize you. If, as Derek Sivers points out, your goal is draining your energy, chances are it’s better to stop.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I was working on building a company in the Software as a Service industry. I know nothing about programming, and this business not only required some technical knowledge, but also relied heavily on phone sales — something I hate to the core.</div>
<div class="class39">My goal to build a successful company was of immense importance to me, but the path I chose was making me so miserable that I hated waking up every morning. I could have pressed on, tapping into the deepest reservoirs of my willpower, but ultimately <span id="page_73"></span>
life was telling me that this path wasn’t for me; I made the right decision to cut my losses and sell the business.</div>
</body>
</html>
