<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0087</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_179">
<div id="toc97_Day_83__On_Changing_Your_Identity" class="class31">Day 83: On Changing Your Identity</div>
<div class="class514">Every time you make a decision to stick with your principles instead of indulging your weaknesses, you get stronger spiritually. And eventually this spiritual strength becomes a part of your identity. I don’t think of myself as a nonsmoker or “ex-” anything, because smoking and other vices are things I would never do in a million years.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Frank McKinney</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9645"></span>
<a href="part0452.xhtml" class="class8951">78</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">The only way to instill a permanent change is to change your identity. As long as you define yourself by a behavior you want to eliminate, your efforts to change will be in vain because subconsciously, you’ll treat your changes as a temporary situation.</div>
<div class="class39">I don’t define myself as a person who doesn’t take drugs — I’ve never done drugs and never plan on doing them. Why would I define myself as a non-drug user?</div>
<div class="class39">In essence, that’s what people do when they say they’re ex-smokers or ex-convicts. That’s behind you. Embrace the present and develop a different, positive definition of yourself that will explain who you are and what you do today, not what you’re no longer about or what you’re no longer doing.</div>
<div class="class39">As a vegetarian, I don’t think of myself as a person who used to eat meat. I’m a person who eats a plant-based diet. It doesn’t matter how flavorful you tell me this piece of chicken is — I won’t eat it<span id="page_180"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Your decision to be self-disciplined has to be equally firm. Don’t define yourself as a person who used to be lazy or lacking discipline. Define yourself as a person who’s doing his or her best to ensure the best future possible. No matter how enticing the temptations are, your self-definition will ensure that you’ll stay away from them.</div>
</body>
</html>
