<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0119</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8660" class="class31">Day 115: On the Cost of Indulgenc<span id="page_240"></span>
e</div>
<div class="class514">The cost of a thing is the amount of what I call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Henry David Thoreau</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9464"></span>
<a href="part0484.xhtml" class="class8951">110</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">When succumbing to a temptation — or after having done so, when you’re analyzing what you did to avoid making similar mistakes in the future — think of the entire cost of your indulgence, both now and in the long run.</div>
<div class="class39">This delicious cake? Right now, it can deliver a sugar rush and make you feel happy as it hits your taste buds. However, it’s also additional calories that you probably don’t need and will need to burn off. In the long term, this one cake alone can lead to another, another, and yet another delicious cake, resulting in gaining more weight, and then requiring even more time to lose it again.</div>
<div class="class39">And what do you exchange for this indulgence today? Your life — the time that you have here on Earth to do something more exciting and fulfilling than eating a cake. Is it really worth it? Are you fine with the fact that an indulgence today can rob you of weeks or months of your life?</div>
</body>
</html>
