<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0179</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_341">
<div id="toc202_Day_175__On_Improving_Self-Control_by_Using_Your_Other_Hand" class="class31">Day 175: On Improving Self-Control by Using Your Other Hand</div>
<div class="class514">Using the mouse, stirring your coffee, opening doors. This requires people to practice self-control because their habitual tendency is to use their dominant hands.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Thomas Denson</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9267"></span>
<a href="part0546.xhtml" class="class8951">172</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">One interesting exercise to improve your self-control is to start using your other hand for the things you usually do with your dominant one. For example, use your non-dominant hand for brushing your teeth, pouring drinks into a cup, washing yourself, doing the dishes, opening jars, stirring coffee, or opening doors.</div>
<div class="class39">Psychologist Thomas Denson had people use their non-dominant hand for two weeks for any task that was safe to do that way. After two weeks, people in the group using the non-dominant hand controlled their aggression better.</div>
<div class="class39">What does it have to do with self-control? It’s because aggression, or virtually any other thing you control by exerting self-discipline, is an impulse. Just like you automatically open doors with your dominant hand, so do you impulsively reply with anger, grab a cookie, or choose the elevator instead of the stairs.</div>
<div class="class39">Conscious change in your automatic behaviors, such as intentionally using your non-dominant hand, can then help you improve your ability to control impulses, and by extension, make <span id="page_342"></span>
you more self-disciplined. I know, it’s a wild theory, but why not try it? Even if it only produces small improvements, it’s still a fun experiment.</div>
</body>
</html>
