<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0040</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_89">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8569" class="class510">WEEK 6</div>
<div id="toc44_Day_36__On_Pushing_Your_Limits_Step_by_Step" class="class512">Day 36: On Pushing Your Limits Step by Step</div>
<div class="class514">That day, for no particular reason, I decided to go for a little run. So I ran to the end of the road. And when I got there, I thought maybe I’d run to the end of town. And when I got there, I thought maybe I’d just run across Greenbow County. And I figured, since I run this far, maybe I’d just run across the great state of Alabama. And that’s what I did. I ran clear across Alabama. For no particular reason I just kept on going. I ran clear to the ocean. And when I got there, I figured, since I’d gone this far, I might as well turn around, just keep on going. When I got to another ocean, I figured, since I’d gone this far, I might as well just turn back, keep right on going.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Forrest Gump</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9270"></span>
<a href="part0408.xhtml" class="class8951">34</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">There’s no law stating that if you want to build self-discipline, you need to immediately wake up at four in the morning, eat nothing but vegetables and fruits, work productively for 12 hours, seven days a week, and abstain from every pleasure, trying to mimic the life of a medieval ascetic.</div>
<div class="class39">Setting aside the fact that most of these habits are not necessary to become self-disciplined, self-control isn’t built in one day. You’re building it step by step — starting from an easy challenge, and then building on top of it.</div>
<div class="class39">Don’t feel anxious or guilty that you begin your exercise plan with a 5-minute walk or that you commence your new nutrition plan with a resolution that you’ll add one vegetable and subtract one <span id="page_90"></span>
candy bar a day. Try it, see what happens, and if it works out, set a bigger challenge. Nothing else is needed to begin the journey to a new you.</div>
</body>
</html>
