<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0106</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_215">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8645" class="class31">Day 102: On the Deeper Meaning Behind Temptations</div>
<div class="class514">Monastic rules that advise renouncing liquor, renouncing sex, and so on are not pointing out that those things are inherently bad or immoral, but that we use them as babysitters. We use them as a way to escape; we use them to try to get comfort and to distract ourselves.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Pema Chödrön</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9182"></span>
<a href="part0471.xhtml" class="class8951">97</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Deconstructing a temptation piece by piece can uncover interesting facts about why you engage in them at all. Of course, you can say that you eat chocolate simply because you enjoy its taste. However, what if there’s a deeper meaning behind it, a need it fulfills beyond the need for something sweet to eat? If you address this need in a different, more positive way, you’ll no longer need to eat chocolate.</div>
<div class="class39">I’ll share with you a personal example of mine. I was once going through a period in which I couldn’t control my eating. I would eat a big meal that would normally satisfy me for the entire day, and then would continue eating afterward — sometimes a few snacks, sometimes another large meal an hour or two later.</div>
<div class="class39">I discovered that the primary reason behind this behavior wasn’t hunger in itself; I ate a lot because I didn’t have anything productive to do, and I didn’t have anything productive to do because I felt slightly depressed. I was in a downward spiral: I was low-spirited and demotivated, so I didn’t take any actions that led to boredom. <span id="page_216"></span>
Then, because I wanted to fill my days with <span class="class8960">something</span>
, I filled them with food. When I came up with a new business goal and started working more, the problem soon disappeared.</div>
<div class="class39">Think about your problematic behaviors and temptations and seek a deeper meaning behind them. Why do you use these particular methods to comfort or distract yourself? Why do you need to comfort or distract yourself in the first place? What is the trigger or emotional need that leads to the negative behavior and what kind of emotional payoff do you expect to get out of engaging in it?</div>
</body>
</html>
