<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0302</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8869" class="class31">Day 298: On the Suffocating <span id="page_562"></span>
Mantras</div>
<div class="class514">The Yogic sages say that all the pain of a human life is caused by words, as is all the joy. We create words to define our experience and those words bring attendant emotions that jerk us around like dogs on a leash. We get seduced by our own mantras (I’m a failure... I’m lonely... I’m a failure... I’m lonely...) and we become monuments to them. To stop talking for a while, then, is to attempt to strip away the power of words, to stop choking ourselves with words, to liberate ourselves from our suffocating mantras.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Elizabeth Gilbert</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9136"></span>
<a href="part0670.xhtml" class="class8951">296</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Self-talk can build you up or it can drag you down. If each day you repeat in your head the mantra that you’re a failure or you’re lonely, guess what you’re going to get… Success and companionship? Think again. You exhibit actions congruent with your inner self-talk. If you consider yourself a failure and a lonely person, that’s what you’re going to get: more failure and loneliness.</div>
<div class="class39">Be aware of the suffocating mantras in your life. Liberate yourself from suffering by refusing the negative self-talk. Each time you tell yourself something negative, seek the proof of the opposite.</div>
<div class="class39">When you say to yourself, “I’m a failure,” think of one — just one — situation in which you succeeded. How can you be a failure if you experience successes?</div>
<div class="class39">When you say, “I’m weak-willed,” think of one — just one — instance in which you managed to overcome a temptation. You <span id="page_563"></span>
might not have the level of self-discipline you desire, but it doesn’t mean that you’re automatically too weak-willed to change.</div>
<div class="class39">Strip away the power of negative mantras by citing (in your head) the evidence against them. Repeat this evidence as a sort of a “counter-mantra” so that you can, instance by instance, weaken the grip of the negative mantra and eventually free yourself of it.</div>
</body>
</html>
