<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0023</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_59">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8550" class="class31">Day 19: On Fighting Well</div>
<div class="class514">The important thing in the Olympic Games is not to win, but to take part; the important thing in life is not triumph, but the struggle; the essential thing is not to have conquered but to have fought well.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Pierre de Coubertin</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9678"></span>
<a href="part0392.xhtml" class="class8951">18</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Nobody will ever give you any grades for your level of self-discipline. There’s no finish line and there’s no podium for the winners. The only purpose of building self-discipline is to conquer yourself — your own urges, your own weaknesses, and your own self-sabotaging behaviors.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s easy to forget this fact and assume that when you reach your goals you’re done. In fact, the moment you make your dreams come true isn’t the most important moment. It’s important, no doubt, but without the process leading to it, in itself it means little.</div>
<div class="class39">The most important moments are the moments of struggle, when you’re striving to fight even when you can barely stand and the whole world is spinning around you. It’s this very act that proves your mettle and showers you with life-encompassing benefits, not the act of winning in itself.</div>
<div class="class39">Whenever you find yourself frustrated that you’re still a long way from the finish line, remember that it’s right now, at this very moment, that you’re collecting the biggest rewards. It’s the struggle in itself that improves you and makes you a more successful person.</div>
</body>
</html>
