<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0245</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8804" class="class31">Day 241: On Enabling the Futur<span id="page_460"></span>
e</div>
<div class="class514">Your task is not to foresee the future, but to enable it.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Antoine de Saint Exupéry</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9437"></span>
<a href="part0614.xhtml" class="class8951">240</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Let’s perform a quick exercise…</div>
<div class="class39">Imagine your ideal future. To make it easier, for now focus on only one part of your life, say, your financial situation. You probably desire to have more money in the future. You want to be able to afford what you want and never have to worry about money again.</div>
<div class="class39">Now let’s focus on the present. Think about your choices today, yesterday, and the entire past week. Are they enabling the future you desire or disabling it?</div>
<div class="class39">Think of it as traveling on a toll road that will eventually take you to your desired future. At each toll booth, you need to pay to continue your journey. If you make the right choice, one that favors your ideal future, the toll barrier will open. If not, you’ll be stuck there, standing in front of the barrier until you can scrape something together — in this case, making the choices that enable the desired future.</div>
<div class="class39">Whenever you find yourself torn between instant and delayed gratification, think of sitting in a car in front of the toll booth. Do you want the barrier to open, so that you can continue your journey toward your goal, or are you fine with waiting and wasting your time?</div>
</body>
</html>
