<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0152</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_294">
<div id="toc171_WEEK_22" class="class510">WEEK 22</div>
<div id="toc172_Day_148__On_Fear" class="class512">Day 148: On Fear</div>
<div class="class514">Action cures fear.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—David Schwartz</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9465"></span>
<a href="part0517.xhtml" class="class8951">143</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Many put off acting on their goals because they’re afraid. Instead of facing the challenge head on, they choose a more comfortable option: withdrawing until they gain the courage to take action.</div>
<div class="class39">The sad truth is that courage never appears out of the blue, magically manifesting itself if you only wait long enough. Brave people aren’t immune to fear; they also feel it, but decide to act in spite of it. And in this very act of refusal, fear goes away and they get to do incredible things.</div>
<div class="class39">As a rock climber, fear is my regular companion. Fear makes you question whether you can climb a particular route, or when climbing, makes you back out from a challenge.</div>
<div class="class39">While fear <span class="class8960">does</span>
 serve an important purpose in situations like climbing, when there sometimes <span class="class8960">is</span>
 a risk of injuring or killing yourself, it’s often a wrong counselor. The key is to ask yourself one fundamental question:</div>
<div class="class39">Is there a statistically-significant chance of harming myself?</div>
<div class="class39">In climbing, a potential fall is often safe, so any fear that makes you question your abilities is unfounded. If a fall is safe, you might as well try and fall; nothing bad will happen. However, sometimes <span id="page_295"></span>
the decision to continue climbing needs to be carefully calculated, especially when a potential fall can be dangerous. Then fear can actually save your life.</div>
<div class="class39">However, in most everyday applications, fear is unfounded. There’s almost no risk involved in chatting up that attractive stranger, launching a side business on a shoestring, applying for a new job, starting a diet, or implementing any other change of a similar nature.</div>
<div class="class39">This means that unless you’re engaging in any higher-risk activity, you need to go past your fear. I know — it’s not pleasant, it’s paralyzing, it causes so much pressure that all you want to do is get away from it. However, if you want to strengthen your self-discipline and build mental toughness, there’s no better exercise than to repeatedly face your fears.</div>
<div class="class39">By regularly facing my fear of heights, I was able to largely cure myself of it. If I were continuously avoiding it, hoping that one day the fear would disappear by itself, I’d never have become a rock climber.</div>
</body>
</html>
