<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0270</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_504">
<div id="toc306_Day_266__On_Temptations_and_Your_Decision_What_to_Do_About_Them" class="class31">Day 266: On Temptations and Your Decision What to Do About Them</div>
<div class="class514">An eye, when open, has no option but to see. The decision whether to look at a particular man’s wife, however, and how, belongs to the will. And the determination whether to trust what someone says, and then, if we trust them, whether we should be angered by it — that also belongs to the will. </div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Epictetus</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9329"></span>
<a href="part0639.xhtml" class="class8951">265</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">When shopping, you’ll undoubtedly find yourself surrounded by shelves filled with unhealthy food. However, the decision whether it lands in your shopping cart depends on you .</div>
<div class="class39">When taking a pause from learning for a difficult exam, you might receive a message from a friend asking you to hang out. The decision as to whether you hang out or finish your coffee and resume studying is yours to make.</div>
<div class="class39">When browsing online, looking for information to help you grow your business, you might stumble upon a cat meme or a funny video. It’s within your control as to whether you waste your time on low-quality entertainment or continue your search for information.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s tempting to shift the responsibility to the external factors, but does it benefit you in any way to claim that you cheated on your diet because you happened to go through the aisle with the potato chips? Is it a legitimate excuse to say that you didn’t go for a jog because <span id="page_505"></span>
there was a comfortable sofa in your living room and it demanded your attention?</div>
<div class="class39">Do whatever you can to avoid situations that might tempt you to do something that will jeopardize your long-term goals, but if you happen to come upon them, remember that it’s still your decision — and a test of your self-discipline — as to whether they will affect you negatively.</div>
</body>
</html>
