<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0234</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_440">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8791" class="class31">Day 230: On Laser-Focusing on Specific Aspects</div>
<div class="class514">Franklin identified the aspects of his performance that needed to be improved and found a way to stretch himself, the essential core of deliberate practice. Significantly, he did not try to become a better essay writer by sitting down and writing essays. Instead, like a top-ranked athlete or musician, he worked over and over on those specific aspects that needed improvement.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Geoff Colvin</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9607"></span>
<a href="part0604.xhtml" class="class8951">230</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Saying that you want to become more self-disciplined is too vague of a resolution. You need to be more specific about what areas of your life you want to improve and specifically how you’re going to do it.</div>
<div class="class39">In what domains or situations are you lacking self-discipline? How does it manifest? What do the people who control their temptations in those situations do? How can you work over and over again on those specific things to improve yourself?</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re not good at exhibiting patience around people who annoy you, that’s a specific aspect you can focus on to improve your self-control. If you often overeat on French fries, that’s a specific trigger that you can focus on to improve your self-control around food. If you struggle to wake up early, figure out how to specifically boost your self-discipline in the morning when you’re still half-asleep<span id="page_441"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">This laser-focus approach will make you more effective at strengthening your willpower muscle, rather than merely trying to <span class="class8960">become more disciplined</span>
, as it’s too difficult to define what that entails.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
