<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0047</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_101">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8577" class="class510">WEEK 7</div>
<div id="toc52_Day_43__On_Making_Continuous_Efforts" class="class512">Day 43: On Making Continuous Efforts</div>
<div class="class514">Genius is often only the power of making continuous efforts. The line between failure and success is so fine that we scarcely know when we pass it — so fine that we are often on the line and do not know it. How many a man has thrown up his hands at a time when a little more effort, a little more patience, would have achieved success. As the tide goes clear out, so it comes clear in. In business sometimes prospects may seem darkest when really they are on the turn. A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success. There is no failure except in no longer trying. There is no defeat except from within, no really insurmountable barrier save our own inherent weakness of purpose.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Elbert Hubbard</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9394"></span>
<a href="part0416.xhtml" class="class8951">42</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">I’m an avid rock climber. In rock climbing, particularly when climbing long routes, your forearms can get pumped to such an extent that you can no longer hold onto the rock. Climbers afraid of failing will often ask their belayer to take in the rope so that they can rest and try again with renewed strength.</div>
<div class="class39">While this strategy is good for learning how to climb a difficult route, sometimes it costs a climber an on-sight (a clean ascent with no prior practice of the route) or a redpoint (completing a route without resting on the rope) because they give up too quickly, right after they start feeling overpowering discomfort<span id="page_102"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Even when you can barely hold onto the wall, often you can still perform one or two moves more — and those moves may be enough to upgrade your position to a rest stance where you can safely recharge and continue climbing without resting on the rope.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s the same with many other areas of life. You believe that you can’t go on any longer, that your self-discipline has run out and it’s time to throw up your hands in defeat, while in reality, persisting just a little bit longer is all that separates you from success.</div>
<div class="class39">The next time you feel like giving up, persuade yourself to push a little bit longer. Chances are, success is right around the corner.</div>
</body>
</html>
