<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0369</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_678">
<div id="toc419_Day_365__On_Sweeping_the_Floor" class="class510">WEEK 53</div>
<div class="class512">Day 365: On Sweeping the Floor</div>
<div class="class514">My friend the philosopher and martial artist Daniele Bolelli once gave me a helpful metaphor. He explained that training was like sweeping the floor. Just because we’ve done it once, doesn’t mean the floor is clean forever. Every day the dust comes back. Every day we must sweep.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Ryan Holiday</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9265"></span>
<a href="part0739.xhtml" class="class8951">365</a>
</div>
<div class="class4931">As we’re about to part ways, I’d like you leave you with an important reminder: cultivating self-discipline, like training or sweeping the floor, is something that must be done daily.</div>
<div class="class39">As incredible as it would be to build self-discipline just once and then enjoy it for the rest of your life, it requires constant work to maintain it so that it can aid you in your objectives.</div>
<div class="class39">The moment you put instant gratification back on the pedestal is the moment you start losing your self-control.</div>
<div class="class39">The moment you decide that it’s time to embrace the easy life and stay away from the challenges is the moment your life starts getting harder.</div>
<div class="class39">The moment you decide that you’re already strong enough and nothing can break your spirit is the moment you start losing mental resilience.</div>
<div class="class39">We’ve spent 365 days together, but your journey toward self-discipline doesn’t end here. Grab the broomstick and start sweeping!</div>
</body>
</html>
