<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0250</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_469">
<div id="toc283_WEEK_36" class="class510">WEEK 36</div>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8810" class="class512">Day 246: On Learning the Big Ideas</div>
<div class="class514">You have to learn all the big ideas in the key disciplines in a way that they’re in a mental latticework in your head and you automatically use them for the rest of your life. If you do that, I solemnly promise you that one day you’ll be walking down the street and you’ll look to your right and left and you’ll think “my heavenly days, I’m now one of the few competent people in my whole age cohort.” If you don’t do it, many of the brightest of you will live in the middle ranks or in the shallows.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Charlie Munger</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9594"></span>
<a href="part0619.xhtml" class="class8951">245</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">All human knowledge is interconnected on some level. The big ideas can often be applied to general life. For this reason, it pays to develop at least a basic understanding of the key concepts of some of the most important disciplines, such as mathematics, physics, biology, psychology, engineering, history, etc.</div>
<div class="class39">Let’s take compound interest, one of the most important big ideas in investing. When the interest you earn each year is added to your principal, your returns each year grow at an ever increasing rate. It might sound boring on paper, but in the real world it’s what has made many investors millionaires or billionaires.</div>
<div class="class39">This big idea can be applied to personal growth, too. You never want to grow at a fixed rate; if you constantly build on top of your new experiences (interest), you’ll grow at an ever-increasing rate. <span id="page_470"></span>
Your personal growth might be relatively slow the first year, but each succeeding year, you’ll get better and better results more quickly.</div>
<div class="class39">Strive to educate yourself in a broad variety of fields and focus primarily on the fundamentals. Try to find a real-world application of those principles in your own life. Even if you don’t always find it, self-education alone will be a valuable exercise in self-discipline.</div>
</body>
</html>
