<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0212</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_401">
<div id="toc240_Day_208__On_Profiting_From_Your_Losses" class="class31">Day 208: On Profiting From Your Losses</div>
<div class="class514">The most important thing in life is not to capitalize on your gains. Any fool can do that. The really important thing is to profit from your losses. That requires intelligence; and it makes the difference between a man of sense and a fool.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—William Bolitho</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9461"></span>
<a href="part0580.xhtml" class="class8951">206</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">In an ideal world, everybody would succeed more often than fail. In reality, failures are more common than triumphs, and so it means that the key skill is to learn how to profit primarily from your losses, not your successes.</div>
<div class="class39">And how do you do that? Simple. Whenever you fail, don’t just shrug it off and try again; carefully analyze what happened, what worked well and what didn’t, and what ultimately led to a failure. If you fail to do so, you’ll miss out on a valuable learning experience and probably repeat your mistakes in the future.</div>
<div class="class39">As an author, I track my books’ sales performance. If a book doesn’t perform well, despite my following the exact same marketing approach as I had used with my previous successful releases, I know that I probably made a mistake when I chose its topic and won’t write about it again.</div>
<div class="class39">When it comes my nutritional habits, I try to track how each food affects me. That way, I discovered that potatoes always make me feel unwell, and that no matter how many strawberries or blueberries I eat, I’ll still be hungry. Such simple discoveries can <span id="page_402"></span>
have a huge impact on your diet, because you’ll know the potential dangers and, instead of unconsciously exposing yourself to them over and over again, you’ll correct your approach.</div>
<div class="class39">Don’t discount the value of a failure. There’s a hidden treasure underneath each setback and struggle. Dig it out and use it to help you get closer to your goals.</div>
</body>
</html>
