<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0248</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_465">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8807" class="class31">Day 244: On the Fun in the Impossible</div>
<div class="class514">It’s kind of fun to do the impossible.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Walt Disney</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9702"></span>
<a href="part0617.xhtml" class="class8951">243</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Continuing the topic of aiming high, there’s another benefit of doing the impossible: it’s more fun than being realistic, and since it’s so much fun, the excitement it generates supercharges your motivation to make it a reality.</div>
<div class="class39">As we’ve already discussed, this obviously isn’t about setting completely impossible goals. Becoming a billionaire in five years is unlikely if you’re starting from zero, but becoming a millionaire — while also unlikely and impossible for most, isn’t actually impossible.</div>
<div class="class39">While it isn’t necessarily a good idea to set several impossible goals in your life, it’s worth it to have one goal that borders on the line between what’s possible and what’s impossible.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I set a goal to make enough money to build a countryside house for my parents while I had just a few pennies in my wallet. You could have said it was an impossible objective back then, and you’d be right — except that I <span class="class8960">did</span>
 manage to accomplish it in the end, and I owe a lot of my personal drive to this bold, inspiring goal. I doubt that I would have had the same resolve if I had set a safer, more realistic goal<span id="page_466"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to test (on a smaller scale) the concept of impossible goals fueling your resolve, set a small goal with a short deadline. Write a full-length novel in two weeks. Learn a foreign language in three months. Make $5000 on the side in six weeks. It’s a fun experiment, and if you treat it seriously, you might be surprised at what you can accomplish if you dream big.</div>
</body>
</html>
