<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0202</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_383">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8755" class="class31">Day 198: On Your Maxims</div>
<div class="class514">The maxims of men reveal their characters.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Luc de Clapiers</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9315"></span>
<a href="part0570.xhtml" class="class8951">196</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">We’ve already talked about living in accordance with your principles and using simple rules to improve your decision-making process.</div>
<div class="class39">Today I’d like to talk about a related topic: the importance of life maxims.</div>
<div class="class39">I’ve already told you that metaphors can help instill a change better than any amount of specific step-by-step instructions — and so can the maxims you live by.</div>
<div class="class39">Ponder the common statement that life is hard. If you truly believe that life is hard, then how does it affect your character? Are you going to be a cheery, optimistic person or adapt a defeatist outlook on life?</div>
<div class="class39">How about thinking that a stranger is a friend you haven’t met? Will this make you more likely to be a friendly person and develop a supportive circle of friends or close you off to new opportunities to connect with like-minded individuals?</div>
<div class="class39">What about adopting the maxim that everything in life is possible as long as you refuse to listen to reason? Okay, you won’t become the President of the United States if you weren’t born in that country (and a few other things), but other than that, would you say that living by such a maxim will hinder your growth or perhaps empower you<span id="page_384"></span>
?</div>
<div class="class39">Your maxims expose your character. If you want to be successful, make sure that your maxims are empowering and positive. Make a list of the most important truths you live by — consciously or unconsciously — and ask yourself if they all serve you to become a better person. If they don’t, discard them and replace them with different, more advantageous ones.</div>
</body>
</html>
