<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0296</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_551">
<div id="toc336_Day_292__On_Mental_Resilience" class="class31">Day 292: On Mental Resilience</div>
<div class="class514">Do not grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Jalaluddin Rumi</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9705"></span>
<a href="part0665.xhtml" class="class8951">291</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">The essence of mental resilience is the belief that anything bad that happens to you will ultimately turn out to be good for you.</div>
<div class="class39">However, I wouldn’t go so far as to say “don’t grieve” after losing a loved one, so please note that today’s entry is about being mentally resilient when it comes to less impactful negative events happening in your life.</div>
<div class="class39">When faced with heartbreaking losses such as a business going bankrupt, a lost job opportunity, a breakup, or even your new diet going south, it’s hard to see it as a possible blessing in disguise. After all, you’ve just lost something — a business, a relationship, a job, or hope for improvement.</div>
<div class="class39">As an immediate reaction, it might be challenging to <span class="class8960">not</span>
 feel bad about the situation. However, once you process that it <span class="class8960">has</span>
 happened and accept that, one of the best ways to move on is to remind yourself that what you’ve just lost will come around again in a different form.</div>
<div class="class39">Maybe a breakup was necessary so that you can start over again and find a different, better partner. Maybe your business had to go bankrupt so you could free up your resources to focus on a better idea. Your diet went south, and maybe it happened because now you’ll discover new nutritional habits that will be easier to maintain than your previous restrictive diet<span id="page_552"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Each time something bad happens, try to find a lesson in it and the new opportunities it presents. I suggest that you start small, with less significant negative events, as it will take time and experience to learn to handle bigger difficulties with calm and dignity.</div>
</body>
</html>
