<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0148</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8693" class="class31">Day 144: On the Work of a Human Bein<span id="page_287"></span>
g</div>
<div class="class514">In the morning when thou risest unwillingly, let this thought be present — I am rising to the work of a human being. Why then am I dissatisfied if I am going to do the things for which I exist and for which I was brought into the world? Or have I been made for this, to lie in the bed-clothes and keep myself warm? — But this is more pleasant. — Dost thou exist then to take thy pleasure, and not at all for action or exertion?</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Marcus Aurelius</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9101"></span>
<a href="part0512.xhtml" class="class8951">138</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Marcus Aurelius argues that we haven’t been made for embracing the comfort of a warm bed. Is sleeping in more pleasant than doing work? Obviously it is; otherwise nobody would ever do it.</div>
<div class="class39">Yet sleeping in is only more pleasant <span class="class8960">in the beginning</span>
 or when you’ve <span class="class8960">earned it</span>
. Making your life revolve around comfort and laziness doesn’t lead to happiness in the long term; it leads to depression. Taking action and exerting yourself rarely feels good <span class="class8960">at first</span>
, but upon completing valuable work, the pleasure of sleeping in can hardly match the pleasure of being productive.</div>
<div class="class39">The most powerful proof of the fact that human beings cannot thrive if they don’t act and exert themselves is the research on retirement.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, according to a report published by the Institute of Economic Affairs in association with the Age Endeavour Fellowship, retirement increases your risk of clinical depression by 41% <span id="page_288"></span>
and the probability of having at least one diagnosed physical condition by 63%.<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9397"></span>
<a href="part0513.xhtml" class="class9028">139</a>
 What’s more, the adverse effects increase as the number of years spent in retirement increases.</div>
<div class="class39">Obviously, the effect of retirement depends on how the retired person approaches retirement. Sadly, when facing a new reality in which they no longer have to work, a lot of people stop being active and disengage from life — and that’s what leads to the disturbing findings of the study. The ones who feel that their golden years are indeed golden are the ones who continue to be active, whether it’s helping their families, volunteering, working part time, or embracing new hobbies.</div>
<div class="class39">Whenever you find yourself discouraged, remind yourself that while succumbing to laziness feels good at first, ultimately it will only worsen your situation and make you even less ready to face challenges. Embrace discipline, stay active, constantly grow, and you’ll find both fulfillment and meaning in life.</div>
</body>
</html>
