<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0252</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_473">
<div id="toc286_Day_248__On_Reducing_Your_Targets" class="class31">Day 248: On Reducing Your Targets</div>
<div class="class514">Never reduce a target. Instead, increase actions. When you start rethinking your targets, making up excuses, and letting yourself off the hook, you are giving up on your dreams!</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Grant Cardone</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9385"></span>
<a href="part0621.xhtml" class="class8951">247</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">When you’re struggling to make progress, there’s a temptation to let yourself off the hook and reduce your targets.</div>
<div class="class39">Instead of learning 500 new words in a foreign language, you feel tempted to drop it down to 300. Or better yet, make it 250, just in case.</div>
<div class="class39">Instead of giving 10 speeches this quarter, you’re thinking about reducing it to 7 or 5. It’s still a lot of speeches, you’re still getting better as a public speaker, so why not rethink your targets and make them a bit more manageable?</div>
<div class="class39">Instead of hitting your target weight when dieting, you cut yourself some slack and settle with a weight 10 pounds (or 5 kilos) higher than your desired goal.</div>
<div class="class39">I don’t entirely agree with Grant Cardone. Sometimes rethinking your targets is the only intelligent thing you can do — particularly if you’ve set unrealistic targets and the alternative is to give up altogether.</div>
<div class="class39">If, however, your goals are within your reach and you’re otherwise feeling fine, but still making up excuses so you can let <span id="page_474"></span>
yourself off the hook, it’s time to tap into your willpower resources, resist the temptation to take it easy, and start taking even more action.</div>
<div class="class39">If you choose the easy way out, you’ll set a precedent: each time you feel challenged, you’ll simply reduce your goals, and thereby never explore where your limits actually are.</div>
<div class="class39">When in doubt, remember this rule of thumb: it’s better to fall short of meeting your original goals than to succeed because you cut them by half.</div>
</body>
</html>
