<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0235</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc266_Day_231__On_Minimizing_What_You_Need" class="class31">Day 231: On Minimizing What <span id="page_442"></span>
You Need</div>
<div class="class514">A man is rich in proportion to the number of things which he can afford to let alone.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Henry David Thoreau</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9102"></span>
<a href="part0605.xhtml" class="class8951">231</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Thoreau was a big proponent of simplicity, particularly when it comes to material possessions. We can extend his maxim to living a successful life in general, namely that a human is strong in proportion to the number of things which he or she can let alone.</div>
<div class="class39">If you can still manage to achieve your goals despite not having the right resources, then ultimately you’ll become a stronger and more capable person than an individual who has never gone without them.</div>
<div class="class39">Kenyan javelin-thrower Julius Yego won the gold medal at the World Championships in Beijing. There would be nothing particularly interesting in this story except that he learned how to perfect his technique without a coach, and instead learned from YouTube videos.<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9327"></span>
<a href="part0606.xhtml" class="class9028">232</a>
 Achieving such a feat without all of the resources that world-class javelin-throwers usually have demonstrates how capable and determined Yego is as an athlete.</div>
<div class="class39">Does it mean that you should deliberately reject the resources you have at your disposal? Not really. Look at it more as encouragement that, even if you don’t have the best tools available, you can still make it big<span id="page_443"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">In addition to that, practice your mental strength by sometimes deliberately going without something you need.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I sometimes climb with a blindfold on. Without being able to see the next handhold or foothold, the sense of touch heightens, and it serves as a valuable exercise in improving precision when climbing.</div>
<div class="class39">You can apply it in many other areas of your life: sleep on the bare floor for a few days to discover that you can still get a good night’s rest once you get used to it, exercise without any equipment whatsoever, or try to learn a new skill by figuring it out by yourself instead of immediately looking for a coach or teacher.</div>
</body>
</html>
