<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0342</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_631">
<div id="toc389_Day_338__On__I_Don_t__vs.__I_Can_t_" class="class31">Day 338: On “I Don’t” vs. “I Can’t”</div>
<div class="class514">“I don’t” is experienced as a choice, so it feels empowering. It’s an affirmation of your determination and willpower. “I can’t” isn’t a choice — it’s a restriction, it’s being imposed upon you. So thinking “I can’t” undermines your sense of power and personal agency.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Heidi Grant Halvorson</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9615"></span>
<a href="part0713.xhtml" class="class8951">339</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Be careful not to say “I can’t” whenever you’re working on implementing a new positive change in your life that requires you to give up something (such as going on a diet).</div>
<div class="class39">Thinking of your decision in terms of a restriction (“I <span class="class8960">can’t</span>
 do it”) inevitably leads to discontent and approaching your change as a short-term solution. Admitting that a change is your <span class="class8960">choice</span>
 by saying “I <span class="class8960">don’t</span>
 do it” lends itself to treating it as a permanent identity shift.</div>
<div class="class39">A related technique you can use to give up something that’s bad for you is to associate it with the discomfort it leads to and deciding that you no longer want to suffer from it. You aren’t saying that you <span class="class8960">can’t</span>
 do this thing any longer and thereby think of it as a restriction. You’re saying that you <span class="class8960">don’t</span>
 do this thing because it’s your own choice, dictated by your wish to avoid the unpleasant consequences.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I was once a big lover of potatoes and they greatly contributed to me being overweight. When testing how certain foods affected me, I realized that potatoes made me bloated, tired, and led <span id="page_632"></span>
to digestive issues. Just like that, I stopped eating potatoes that I had been previously eating in copious amounts at least three times a week. I’m sure that if it weren’t for uncovering my food intolerance and a conscious decision not to eat potatoes anymore, I would still be eating them. A restriction in the form of “I can’t eat potatoes” wouldn’t work.</div>
<div class="class39">Catch yourself whenever you say “I can’t” and replace it with “I don’t” or “I choose not to do it.” It’s a small change in your vocabulary, but the way you think about your changes can impact whether they become permanent or are only short-lived.</div>
</body>
</html>
