<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0123</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_247">
<div id="toc138_Day_119__On_Hatching_the_Egg" class="class31">Day 119: On Hatching the Egg</div>
<div class="class514">We shall sooner have the fowl by hatching the egg than by smashing it.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Abraham Lincoln</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9699"></span>
<a href="part0488.xhtml" class="class8951">114</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">In today’s world of abundance, there’s always the next hot thing, a new miracle solution, a cure for it all. It’s no wonder that so many people lack the self-discipline to stick to one thing and constantly jump from one thing to another, deluding themselves that the new thing will surely be better than the one they have now.</div>
<div class="class39">If we think of pursuing your goals as being in the business of breeding chickens, how big will your fowl empire get if you constantly smash all of the eggs you have, thinking that those other eggs you’ve seen online will hatch more quickly?</div>
<div class="class39">In essence, that’s what a person is doing when they are constantly changing their mind. An important aspect of self-discipline is the discipline to stick to the specific strategies you’ve chosen to follow, in order to get the results.</div>
<div class="class39">If the strategy you’re following has been proven to work for other people (as in the case of following popular healthy diets, tested workout plans, personal finance strategies, etc.), switching out of it to another one only because you think the other one could be better is nothing but an act of self-sabotage.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re currently thinking about giving up your current strategy because you’re tempted to try something else, remind yourself of the metaphor with the egg. Nobody has ever accomplished anything by <span id="page_248"></span>
constantly destroying the fruits of their labor. If your strategy has been proven to work for many people, dedicate yourself to it for at least a year before you even consider the thought of trying something else.</div>
</body>
</html>
