<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0032</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc34_Day_28__On_Living_in_Offensive_Mode" class="class31">Day 28: On Living in Offensive <span id="page_74"></span>
Mode</div>
<div class="class514">Life is an ongoing process of choosing between safety (out of fear and need for defense) and risk (for the sake of progress and growth): Make the growth choice a dozen times a day.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Abraham Maslow</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9402"></span>
<a href="part0401.xhtml" class="class8951">27</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re reading this book, you’re most likely living in relative abundance, whether you agree with that perception or not.</div>
<div class="class39">You have access to some kind of an electronical device for reading, which means you have some disposable income, which means you don’t live in extreme poverty. You also most likely don’t live in a native tribe somewhere in the jungle or in a small village in the warzone, where survival is a daily challenge.</div>
<div class="class39">Consequently, you don’t have to live in defense. The negative consequences of your acts, when compared to people who aren’t as lucky as you, are in most cases negligible.</div>
<div class="class39">You can afford to venture out into the world without the risk that the enemy tribe will kill you. You can risk launching a side business because even if it fails, you’ll still have a secure job and perhaps even some savings. You can go on a diet and temporarily restrict caloric intake — I assure you that you won’t starve to death.</div>
<div class="class39">Analyze the decisions you’ve taken during the past week and ask yourself whether they were motivated by the need for defense and safety or by the prospect of progress and growth. Make sure that the <span id="page_75"></span>
great majority of your decisions favors some <span class="class8960">smart</span>
 risk-taking instead of letting the fear stop you dead in your tracks.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
