<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0089</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_183">
<div id="toc99_WEEK_13" class="class510">WEEK 13</div>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8626" class="class512">Day 85: On Experimenting to See What Happens</div>
<div class="class514">It often feels like everything is so serious — that if you make one mistake, it will all end in disaster. But really everything you do is just a test: an experiment to “see what happens”.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Derek Sivers</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9704"></span>
<a href="part0454.xhtml" class="class8951">80</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">I learned how to feel good in spite of failure when I adopted the “let’s see what happens” mentality. Now, whenever I want to try something new that has an uncertain chance of success, I tell myself it’s an experiment. I assume that whatever I invest in it, I invest it to gather data, and not necessarily to get a return.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I started investing in video courses for my business. In the end, it was a spectacular failure, but I wasn’t particularly worried about it because my experiment was still a success: it proved that my business idea wasn’t a good one. I also learned a lot working on this goal, and that alone was worth it. I’m not sure if I would have taken action if I had told myself that this endeavor absolutely must deliver a positive return.</div>
<div class="class39">You can apply the same mentality to every other goal. For example, if you’re afraid that you’ll fail to develop a habit of getting up early, consider it a 30-day experiment to see how waking up early will make you feel and whether you’ll be more productive. When you think of it this way, you ensure from the get-go that no matter <span id="page_184"></span>
how your experiment goes, it’s a success. After all, you aren’t trying to make a permanent change: you only want to test a hypothesis.</div>
<div class="class39">Usually, if the experiment goes well, it leads to a permanent change anyway, and that’s the purpose of adopting this different mindset: you’re breaking through the initial resistance by lowering your expectations, and you consequently eliminate the fear of failure.</div>
</body>
</html>
