<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0318</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_590">
<div id="toc361_Day_314__On_Neatness" class="class31">Day 314: On Neatness</div>
<div class="class514">People exert less self-control after seeing a messy desk than after seeing a clean desk.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Roy Baumeister</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9336"></span>
<a href="part0689.xhtml" class="class8951">315</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Here’s an easy self-discipline hack for today: clean your immediate surroundings and benefit from improved self-control.</div>
<div class="class39">A messy desk — and the unpleasant thought in the back of your head reminding you that eventually you’ll have to clean it — occupies precious mental space you could otherwise spend on something more useful. Chaotic immediate environments are also distracting, and thus lower your productivity.</div>
<div class="class39">In addition to taking up both physical and mental space, clutter can also affect how you feel about yourself.</div>
<div class="class39">People feel better when they take a shower, shave their faces, put on make-up or perform any other grooming habit — and they feel worse when their appearance is not up to their standards.</div>
<div class="class39">A messy room has a similar effect: it indicates that the person working there isn’t organized or lacks the self-discipline to keep it tidy. Keeping your room neat and tidy demonstrates in a physical way that you <span class="class8960">are</span>
 organized and self-disciplined — and that will subsequently affect your inner world, too, just like dressing for success gives a small boost to one’s confidence.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
