<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0062</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_128">
<div id="toc69_Day_58__On_Cultivating_Physical_Excellence" class="class31">Day 58: On Cultivating Physical Excellence</div>
<div class="class514">For in everything that men do the body is useful; and in all uses of the body it is of great importance to be in as high a state of physical efficiency as possible.</div>
<div class="class864">Why, even in the process of thinking, in which the use of the body seems to be reduced to a minimum, it is matter of common knowledge that grave mistakes may often be traced to bad health. And because the body is in a bad condition, loss of memory, depression, discontent, insanity often assail the mind so violently as to drive whatever knowledge it contains clean out of it.</div>
<div class="class864">But a sound and healthy body is a strong protection to a man, and at least there is no danger then of such a calamity happening to him through physical weakness: on the contrary, it is likely that his sound condition will serve to produce effects the opposite of those that arise from bad condition. And surely a man of sense would submit to anything to obtain the effects that are the opposite of those mentioned in my list.</div>
<div class="class864">Besides, it is a disgrace to grow old through sheer carelessness before seeing what manner of man you may become by developing your bodily strength and beauty to their highest limit.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Socrates</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9228"></span>
<a href="part0429.xhtml" class="class8951">55</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Socrates points out that there are several dangers in not cultivating physical excellence.</div>
<div class="class39">First, an unhealthy body leads to an unhealthy mind. Can a person suffering from preventable health disorders dedicate all of their resources toward personal growth? Physical debilitations that you can overcome with your own efforts (such as obesity or a weak <span id="page_129"></span>
immune system due to bad nutritional habits) sap your energy and limit your potential.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re constantly getting sick, how likely are you to maintain self-discipline? I don’t know about you, but whenever I get so sick that I can barely walk around the house, my routine is out of the window and it takes a considerable amount of time to return to it. The more often you get sick, the more difficult it is to build new habits and maintain successful routines.</div>
<div class="class39">Second, a strong body is better prepared — both physically and mentally — to deal with any health problems that you can’t prevent. Consequently, you can more quickly recover from those hardships (or accept them with more ease) and refocus your efforts on your most important long-term goals.</div>
<div class="class39">Last but most definitely not least, developing your body to your own highest limit (which doesn’t mean becoming a muscle head or having a perfectly sculpted body) is a valuable goal in itself. It shows you how much you can push your limits, teaches you how powerful long-term dedication can be, and can transform your entire mindset. In fact, just cultivating physical excellence on its own can develop powerful self-discipline.</div>
<div class="class39">I can attest to these benefits. When I started exercising and my body began to change, I soon saw my mental state reflect the positive external changes. A great amount of the experience I have had with overcoming temptations and sticking to my resolutions comes from physical activity and my resolve to become the strongest person I can<span id="page_130"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">If you aren’t putting your health and fitness first, it’s high time you change that.</div>
</body>
</html>
