<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0184</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_350">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8734" class="class31">Day 180: On Paying the Price as Fast as Possible</div>
<div class="class514">No matter how long a situation continues, there’s always a way to get out. But the sooner you handle it, the easier it is.</div>
<div class="class864">Whenever I can I choose to pay in advance. But if I become aware of a mistake, I want to pay the price as fast as possible and clear the record. I’ve become fanatically intolerant of permanent irritants.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Harry Browne</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9688"></span>
<a href="part0552.xhtml" class="class8951">178</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Small irritating things tend to grow into bigger problems the longer you let them continue. Moreover, the longer the situation continues, the more difficult it is to resolve it.</div>
<div class="class39">For this reason, it’s important to develop a habit of paying the price as fast as possible: engage in something a little unpleasant today to resolve the situation before it gets worse and more difficult to handle.</div>
<div class="class39">To share an example with you, there was a time when I used to carry a large textile bag and a duffel bag for each outdoors climbing session. I was too lazy to take my climbing gear out of my gym bag and put it into a travel backpack that was more suitable for transportation between one crag and another.</div>
<div class="class39">I used to complain about it, but I didn’t do anything about the situation because it was only a small irritant. Usually it didn’t take more than a couple of minutes to access the crag, so it wasn’t a big deal to carry the gear this way<span id="page_351"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Then one sector required a twenty-minute walk on a hiking path with steep declines and inclines. I quickly discovered how stupid and uncomfortable it was to carry climbing gear in something other than a backpack.</div>
<div class="class39">On the next occasion, I overcame my laziness and put my climbing gear into a backpack. It took me just a few minutes to repack my things, and now I could comfortably walk from one crag to another. Paying the price as fast as possible — the first time I realized there was a problem — would have helped me avoid unnecessary discomfort.</div>
<div class="class39">This and other similar lessons have taught me that it’s best to act as soon as you realize that there’s a problem or an unpleasant thing to do. Use your self-control to handle any irritants, no matter how small they might be, right away. You’ll not only get rid of the problem, you’ll also exercise your willpower muscle each time you decide to act immediately instead of postponing it.</div>
</body>
</html>
