<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0203</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_385">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8756" class="class31">Day 199: On Your Inaction Hurting Others</div>
<div class="class514">If you were meant to cure cancer or write a symphony or crack cold fusion and you don’t do it, you not only hurt yourself, even destroy yourself. You hurt your children. You hurt me. You hurt the planet.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Steven Pressfield</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9485"></span>
<a href="part0571.xhtml" class="class8951">197</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">If you can’t shake yourself out of inaction for your own benefit, perhaps you can do it by having others in mind. This type of motivation is called <span class="class8960">prosocial motivation</span>
; it means taking action for the benefit of somebody or something beyond yourself: your family, your favorite charity, your community, the environment, etc.</div>
<div class="class39">Spend some time thinking how your inaction hurts the people around you. For some people, the negative motivation they can get from such an exercise is more powerful than any words of encouragement. The guilt they feel upon realizing they’re betraying their family or harming the planet can be a more enticing motivator than getting the rewards for themselves, whether they’re internal or external ones.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s a technique I sometimes use to motivate myself to write. I’ve developed the skill of writing and people seem to enjoy and benefit from my books. If I don’t write more books, I’m hurting them by depriving them of the education and possibly valuable insights that they could get by reading my works<span id="page_386"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re the type of a person who often cares more about others than yourself, this sort of motivation can turn you into a high achiever, However, be cautious not to overdo it: the point isn’t to spend your life working yourself into the ground, forever feeling guilty that you could do even more. Strive to produce value for everyone, including yourself.</div>
</body>
</html>
