<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0317</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_588">
<div id="toc360_Day_313__On_What_You_Demand_From_Life" class="class31">Day 313: On What You Demand From Life</div>
<div class="class514">Remember, no more effort is required to aim high in life, to demand abundance and prosperity, than is required to accept misery and poverty.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Napoleon Hill</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9306"></span>
<a href="part0688.xhtml" class="class8951">314</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">It all comes down to what you demand from life. Accept nothing less than abundance and prosperity, and if you combine it with diligent work, you’ll eventually get it. Tolerate misery and poverty, come up with rationalizations about why you’re miserable, and bad fortune will stay in your life.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s important to understand that it takes virtually the same amount of effort to come up with excuses as it is to find reasons why you <span class="class8960">can</span>
 accomplish something. You can direct your energy either way, but only one of them leads to success.</div>
<div class="class39">The next time you catch yourself thinking that you’re destined to be unsuccessful and that you should accept your bad fortune, change your thoughts: remind yourself about how dissatisfied you are with your current circumstances and come up with reasons why you <span class="class8960">will</span>
 be successful instead of continuing as you are.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, while I was trying to build a successful business and failed one time after another, I still kept reminding myself that I would never tolerate being an employee. Nothing would have <span id="page_589"></span>
stopped me from making my goal come true; I would never accept anything else than abundance and prosperity.</div>
<div class="class39">They may sound trite, but some self-help bromides are actually true: your attitude and expectations do impact your life in a big way.</div>
</body>
</html>
