<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0181</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_345">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8731" class="class31">Day 177: On Sleep</div>
<div class="class514">Good sleep habits could refuel a person’s ability to make more difficult choices instead of opting for the easier choice or the easier task.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—June J. Pilcher</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9257"></span>
<a href="part0547.xhtml" class="class8951">173</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Sleep is one of the needs that you can’t control no matter how self-disciplined you are. You can choose to go without food for a few days and you’ll be fine. If you’ve been going without sleep for, say, 48 hours, even in a situation like driving (when falling asleep means certain death), you still won’t be able to control it.</div>
<div class="class39">For this reason, sleep is king and you should do all in your power to ensure that you have a good night’s sleep. Studies show that a lack of or poor sleep can negatively affect self-control. I don’t think I need to cite research to convince you that it’s true. You probably have plenty of empiric evidence from your own life, and so do I.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re half-asleep the entire day, your only priority will be to go to sleep as quickly as possible. Who cares about dieting, exercise, money, etc. if they can barely think straight, their mental capacity reduced to zero.</div>
<div class="class39">There are several key things you can do to improve your sleep:</div>
<div class="class39">1. Make sure you have a comfortable mattress. Most mattresses should be replaced at least every ten years<span id="page_346"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">2. Make sure you sleep in silence. Any noise will dramatically reduce the sleep quality. Use earplugs if there’s no way to soundproof your bedroom.</div>
<div class="class39">3. Make sure you sleep in the right temperature. The most beneficial temperature for sleep is 60-67 degrees Fahrenheit (15-19 Celsius).<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9370"></span>
<a href="part0548.xhtml" class="class9028">174</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">4. Make sure you reduce the amount of blue light you receive in the evening, especially during the last hour before you want to be asleep. This means not using electronics before sleep, and if not possible (as is the case for most of us), put on blue-blocking goggles and make sure to expose yourself to bright light during the day.</div>
<div class="class39">5. Make sure your racing mind is asleep. If you have any lingering thoughts, write them down and resume thinking about them the next day. You won’t have to revisit them during the time you should be sleeping because you will have written them down.</div>
<div class="class39">6. Make sure you don’t consume caffeine when it’s less than six hours prior to sleep (it takes three to seven hours for caffeine to metabolize<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9085"></span>
<a href="part0549.xhtml" class="class9028">175</a>
). Caffeine-induced sleep disorder is a real thing, and even if you can fall asleep after drinking tea of coffee, it doesn’t mean your sleep is of high quality.</div>
<div class="class39">7. Make sure you don’t consume a big meal prior to going to sleep. Give your body at least two hours after eating before you go to sleep.</div>
</body>
</html>
