<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0083</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc93_Day_79__On_Books" class="class31">Day 79: On Book<span id="page_170"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counsellors, and the most patient of teachers.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Charles William Eliot</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9477"></span>
<a href="part0449.xhtml" class="class8951">75</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Continuing the topic of support, by far the most important friend on my journey of building self-discipline, developing mental resilience, and working on my long-term goals were non-fiction books that were written by people who have achieved my dreams.</div>
<div class="class39">Book were, are, and will always be one of the most valuable things a person wishing to change themselves can learn from to make their dreams come true.</div>
<div class="class39">Instead of idle talk about books being incredible — I think I’ve already made my case clear — today I want to share with you three books I believe you should read for education and inspiration. Here they are:</div>
<div class="class39">1. <span class="class8960">The Millionaire Fastlane</span>
 by MJ DeMarco</div>
<div class="class39">
<span class="class8960">The Millionaire Fastlane</span>
 was the book that changed it all for me when it comes not only to business, but also my attitude about work and life in general. In addition to countless lessons about how to start and run a successful business, you’ll learn how to become a person tuned in to the needs of others, a skill that will aid you in all kinds of endeavors<span id="page_171"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Granted, not everyone equates success with financial success, so if you don’t care about achieving financial independence, you can probably skip this book.</div>
<div class="class39">2. <span class="class8960">The One Thing</span>
 by Gary Keller</div>
<div class="class39">Richard Koch is the original author of books about the 80/20 principle (stating that 80% of the results come from 20% of the effort). I strongly recommend his books, but when it comes to the most accessible introduction to the topic, Gary Keller’s book is the winner.</div>
<div class="class39">The premise behind <span class="class8960">The One Thing</span>
 is answering the following question: “What’s the one thing you can do such that by doing it everything else will be easier or unnecessary?” The book delves deep into the details on why and how single focus is so powerful and important for success.</div>
<div class="class39">I’ve made this rule one of the most important guiding principles in my life and I strongly suggest implementing it in your life, too.</div>
<div class="class39">3. <span class="class8960">A Guide to the Good Life</span>
 by William B. Irvine</div>
<div class="class39">Roman Stoicism adapted to the modern world by William B. Irvine is one of the most helpful life philosophies you can embrace to live a happier life.</div>
<div class="class39">Stoics were also big on self-control, mental resilience and preparedness, so Irvine’s book is an all-encompassing guide on how to banish negative emotions, gain more happiness, and become a more valuable member of society<span id="page_172"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">The most important takeaway for me is practicing your resilience by visualizing bad events. I regularly use this strategy for reducing worry and increasing my peace of mind.<span id="page_173"></span>
<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
