<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0223</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_423">
<div id="toc253_Day_219__On_Dropping_Unnecessary_Tasks" class="class31">Day 219: On Dropping Unnecessary Tasks</div>
<div class="class514">You can complete a project by dropping it.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Arianna Huffington</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9025"></span>
<a href="part0591.xhtml" class="class8951">217</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">I understand: there’s certain allure in being busy all the time, always having a long list of things to do. And let’s not forget, you’re the only one who can perform all those tasks, right?</div>
<div class="class39">However, if you want to become more productive and still have energy for your other goals, when you look at your to-do-list, in addition to thinking about when and how to do a certain task, ask yourself if you can drop it.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, one of my contractors recently pointed out there was a small mistake in one of my old books. I’m not going to lie. At first, I added it to my to-do list. But then, the next day, I realized that the error was so inconsequential that it made no sense to spend time fixing it. I had more pressing things to attend to, and my readers would benefit more from another book of mine released on time than me wasting time fixing a thing nobody had ever noticed before.</div>
<div class="class39">Look at your to-do list and be honest with yourself: how many tasks are there on your list because you put them there automatically, without even asking yourself if they’re important? How about dropping them to make more time for what matters?</div>
</body>
</html>
