<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0195</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_370">
<div id="toc221_Day_191__On_Futile_Determination" class="class31">Day 191: On Futile Determination</div>
<div class="class514">If any man is able to convince me and show me that I do not think or act right, I will gladly change; for I seek the truth by which no man was ever injured. But he is injured who abides in his error and ignorance.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Marcus Aurelius</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9305"></span>
<a href="part0563.xhtml" class="class8951">189</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Determination can change your life, but it can also lead to a lot of wasted time if you stubbornly keep going when everyone around you who’s knowledgeable about the goal you want to reach tells you that you’re following the wrong path.</div>
<div class="class39">Obviously, if the only people who are trying to convince you that you’re wrong have no idea about what you’re doing, you can safely ignore their advice. If, however, people who have reached the goals you’re striving to achieve are trying to correct your ways, heed their advice.</div>
<div class="class39">I sometimes offer advice to new entrepreneurs who have big dreams, but the word “realistic” doesn’t seem to be a part of their dictionary. I tell them to listen to the experts, get their feet wet with a simple business model and slowly build real-world experience. Unfortunately, many of them ignore this advice only to return months or years later, this time with more humility and a desire to apply their immense desire and determination in a way that it can actually lead to results.</div>
<div class="class39">Don’t get me wrong — I’m all for bold undertakings, but often what those entrepreneurs do is waste time and energy, investing their vast reserves of determination into a project that was doomed to fail <span id="page_371"></span>
from the get-go because they had no real-world business experience to make it succeed.</div>
<div class="class39">I know how it works, because I was such a person, too.</div>
<div class="class39">The first time I read <span class="class8960">The Millionaire Fastlane</span>
 by MJ DeMarco (a book that eventually changed my life), I didn’t heed the author’s advice about not pursuing money-making schemes. I thought I knew better, and foolishly stuck to SEO (Search Engine Optimization) and affiliate marketing. I had to suffer from several more failures before I was ready to listen to people who were more experienced than I was.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to save yourself from unnecessary failures, be open to feedback from people who have achieved the goals you’d like to reach. Don’t abide in error and ignorance, digging for gold like a mad man where hundreds of people had dug before you and didn’t find anything.</div>
</body>
</html>
