<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0096</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_197">
<div id="toc107_WEEK_14" class="class510">WEEK 14</div>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8634" class="class512">Day 92: On Pleasure Gained from Abstaining</div>
<div class="class514">If you are struck by the appearance of any promised pleasure, guard yourself against being hurried away by it; but let the affair wait your leisure, and procure yourself some delay. Then bring to your mind both points of time: that in which you will enjoy the pleasure, and that in which you will repent and reproach yourself after you have enjoyed it; and set before you, in opposition to these, how you will be glad and applaud yourself if you abstain.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Epictetus</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9649"></span>
<a href="part0461.xhtml" class="class8951">87</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">When you delay gratification, it’s tempting to think about it in black and white: delaying gratification means no pleasure now in exchange for pleasure in the future. Succumbing to instant gratification means some pleasure now at the expense of your future. In reality, things aren’t that simple.</div>
<div class="class39">As Epictetus says, there’s pleasure to be found in abstaining. When you successfully deny yourself something, even if you feel deprived of it, at the same time you’ll feel proud of acting in accordance with your values and long-term goals.</div>
<div class="class39">And what might surprise you is that there’s some pain found in instant gratification. Yes, you get to enjoy the reward right now, but this also means that you’re betraying your future self. You’re missing out on the positive feelings you could have gotten by <span id="page_198"></span>
successfully exerting willpower and in the end, the anger you feel at yourself might not be worth the initial pleasure.</div>
</body>
</html>
