<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0290</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8855" class="class31">Day 286: On Avoiding Problem<span id="page_540"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">Avoid what causes the opposite of what you want to achieve.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Peter Bevelin</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9563"></span>
<a href="part0659.xhtml" class="class8951">285</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to be safe, it’s best not to attend dangerous venues. For example, one of the most common places where bad things happen are nightclubs and their immediate vicinity. If you don’t go to nightclubs, your risk of getting into a brawl or being attacked by a drunk person is greatly decreased.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s the same with self-control. Instead of exerting self-discipline, it’s better to avoid problems that can cause the opposite of what you want to achieve.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to be a frugal person, don’t go to shopping centers if you don’t have to, and don’t hang out with people who love shopping.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to become more productive, sell your TV set, video console, and any other thing a lazy person considers a must-have.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to stop drinking alcohol, stop going to parties where alcohol is the primary source of entertainment, and don’t spend time with people who live for the weekends.</div>
<div class="class39">Think about your goal, figure out what its opposite is, and then ask yourself which actions, people, and places can lead you to that opposite result and avoid them.</div>
</body>
</html>
