<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0067</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_139">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8600" class="class31">Day 63: On the Will Being Stronger Than the Skill</div>
<div class="class514">Champions aren’t made in gyms, champions are made from something they have deep inside them — a desire, a dream, a vision. They have to have last-minute stamina, they have to be a little faster, they have to have the skill and the will. But the will must be stronger than the skill.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Muhammad Ali</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9479"></span>
<a href="part0433.xhtml" class="class8951">59</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">When you switch your focus from instant gratification toward long-term accomplishment, create a mental image of why you should reject the instant rewards and keep going — despite hardships, failures, sacrifices, and lack of compensation.</div>
<div class="class39">A detailed vision of your wished-for future will fuel your resolve, compensating for any weaknesses you might have or difficulties that might stand on your way toward success.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I struggled with extreme shyness as a teenager. I set a goal to develop self-confidence and feel relaxed in all kinds of social settings. I was, and still am, an introverted lone wolf who needs solitude more than I need other people.</div>
<div class="class39">However, my will was strong. I knew I needed to make this change in order to stop limiting my personal growth, something I found and still find is one of my most important values. This deep desire kept me going, despite my personality being extremely unsuited to social settings<span id="page_140"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Note that your deep desire doesn’t have to be about you. You’ve surely heard stories about people performing incredible feats of strength to rescue a victim of an accident. For example, in 2013 in Oregon, teenage sisters Hanna (age 16) and Haylee (age 14) lifted a 3,000-pound (1360 kg) tractor to save their father, who was pinned underneath it.<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9551"></span>
<a href="part0434.xhtml" class="class9028">60</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">The mechanism that supports such impossible actions still baffles scientists. We only know one thing for sure: under normal circumstances, Hanna and Haylee wouldn’t be able to lift a tractor. It was their will — their immense desire to save their father — that gave them superhuman strength.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re struggling with a certain goal, think who could benefit from you achieving it. How could you improve somebody’s life — or perhaps even save a life — thanks to persevering and accomplishing your objective?</div>
</body>
</html>
