<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0020</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc21_Day_16__On_Self-Reliance" class="class31">Day 16: On Self-Relianc<span id="page_56"></span>
e</div>
<div class="class514">A man then must stand erect, not be kept erect by others.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Marcus Aurelius</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9116"></span>
<a href="part0389.xhtml" class="class8951">15</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">There’s no doubt that surrounding yourself with people who support your goals is helpful. It’s easier to exercise with a friend, diet along with your spouse, or belong to a community of frugal people.</div>
<div class="class39">However, as Marcus Aurelius says, you need to beware of relying too much on others.</div>
<div class="class39">If the only reason why you exercise is because you’re doing it with a friend, the moment they drop it, you’ll likely revert to the old ways, too.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re on a diet only because you want to lose weight to attract this beautiful friend of a friend, the moment you learn they’re in a relationship or aren’t interested in you, your self-control will be gone.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re productive at work only because you’re afraid of your boss, how likely will you be to exhibit productivity when they aren’t around?</div>
<div class="class39">Your motivators should always start with you and your own resolve to make changes. External support can be valuable, but just like a person recovering from an injury isn’t fully recovered if they can’t stand without a crutch, you aren’t self-disciplined enough unless you can still stick to your resolutions even without the help of other people.</div>
</body>
</html>
