<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0351</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_648">
<div id="toc399_Day_347__On_Enduring_Your_Tyrants" class="class31">Day 347: On Enduring Your Tyrants</div>
<div class="class514">Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it never will. Find out just what any people will quietly submit to, and you have found out the exact amount of injustice and wrong which will be imposed upon them; and these will continue till they are resisted with either words or blows, or with both. The limits of tyrants are prescribed by the endurance of those whom they oppress.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Frederick Douglass</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9089"></span>
<a href="part0721.xhtml" class="class8951">347</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Likewise, the limits of problems in your life are determined by your tolerance of them. If you have a slight pain in your little toe, you probably aren’t going to go see the doctor, but multiply the pain by a factor of five and you’ll be at the doctor’s office in a split second!</div>
<div class="class39">Think in the same way about your bad habits or any other harmful actions of yours. If the perceived pain (negative consequences) is weak, you’ll most likely continue to tolerate it for as long as it doesn’t increase. Intensify the pain, and you’ll start looking for solutions.</div>
<div class="class39">There are two ways to inspire you to give up negative behaviors:</div>
<div class="class39">1. The pain caused by your negative behaviors intensifies by itself. One day you realize that the problem has grown to such proportions that you <span class="class8960">must</span>
 do something about it. For example, your negative nutritional habits lead to a heart attack or failing to improve your self-confidence makes you a loner without any friends<span id="page_649"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">This is <span class="class8960">not</span>
 a good way to deal with negative behaviors, because you’re letting the problem grow uncontrollably until it poses a big risk in your life.</div>
<div class="class39">2. Intensifying the pain by making yourself aware of how deep the pain goes. Instead of ignoring the pain and keeping it running in the background, you tune in to it and focus on all of its consequences. Make them bigger and assume they will get soon get worse. Use the negative visualization to inspire the change.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, once you notice you’re gasping for air after climbing a set of stairs, assume that it’s the first sign of an incoming rapid deterioration of health. New symptoms will soon follow, and each will be stronger than the previous one. The slight discomfort you have now is only the beginning. Amplify its message and act now while you still can. Don’t ignore it by thinking that you can forget about it for now and you will address it later if it gets worse.</div>
<div class="class39">Unless you can convince yourself how far-reaching and dangerous the consequences of your behaviors can be in the long term, you won’t act. Think of any negative behaviors of yours as tyrants: to what extreme measures must they go before you stop enduring their oppression?</div>
</body>
</html>
