<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0239</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_448">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8797" class="class31">Day 235: On Looking Only One Day Ahead</div>
<div class="class514">When I face the desolate impossibility of writing five hundred pages, a sick sense of failure falls on me, and I know I can never do it. Then gradually, I write one page and then another. One day’s work is all I can permit myself to contemplate.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—John Steinbeck</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9190"></span>
<a href="part0609.xhtml" class="class8951">235</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">I share John Steinbeck’s sentiment every time that I start writing a new book, particularly if it’s such a big and difficult project as <span class="class8960">365 Days With Self-Discipline</span>
. The most effective strategy I’ve found to help me is precisely the same recommendation as Steinbeck’s: I contemplate only one day’s work.</div>
<div class="class39">Today, I need to write 10 more daily entries, and that’s all that counts. Each time I catch myself calculating how many entries I have left and how much time it’s still going to take, I demoralize myself, thus making it more difficult to keep going and more likely that I’ll stumble.</div>
<div class="class39">While you’re standing at the foot of the mountain and looking at its peak, it looks like it’s impossible to scale it. But then, if you decide to climb it — step by step and minute by minute — you slowly advance and soon you’re looking down, surprised at how high you are.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re facing a big project, embrace the same attitude. Don’t look a year ahead; instead, focus on what you need to do <span class="class8960">today</span>
 to get a little bit closer to your destination. Do it today, and then do it <span id="page_449"></span>
tomorrow, and then the day after tomorrow. Then continue week by week and month by month, until you make the impossible possible.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
