<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0193</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_367">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8744" class="class31">Day 189: On Adventures</div>
<div class="class514">So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservatism, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more dangerous to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man’s living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Jon Krakauer</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9668"></span>
<a href="part0561.xhtml" class="class8951">187</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Boredom is dangerous not only because it’s unpleasant, but also because it usually means having the worst kind of security in life — complacency. It’s good to feel satisfied with what you have, but the moment you get stuck in a rut, afraid that any change will ruin the security you now enjoy, you lose the opportunity for immense joy and personal growth.</div>
<div class="class39">Adventures spice up life. Without new experiences, life is boring and there’s little growth to be attained. When you’re bored, you’re less likely to feel inspired to make changes in life, so it leads to a downward spiral.</div>
<div class="class39">Embark on new adventures as often as you can. Traveling always means encounters with new experiences, but you don’t necessarily have to leave your hometown every week to live an adventurous life. Learning new interesting skills can be an adventure <span id="page_368"></span>
in itself. Hiking to a nearby wilderness area or spending the night in a tent outdoors can get you out of a rut, too.</div>
<div class="class39">Lastly, to actually be considered adventures, they are usually at least slightly uncomfortable or dangerous, and that also means an opportunity to practice self-discipline and toughen up. Plan your next adventure now!</div>
</body>
</html>
