<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0368</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8944" class="class31">Day 364: On Books, Part Tw<span id="page_676"></span>
o</div>
<div class="class514">Books are the treasured wealth of the world and the fit inheritance of generations and nations. Books, the oldest and the best, stand naturally and rightfully on the shelves of every cottage. They have no cause of their own to plead, but while they enlighten and sustain the reader his common sense will not refuse them. Their authors are a natural and irresistible aristocracy in every society, and, more than kings or emperors, exert an influence on mankind.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Henry David Thoreau</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8976"></span>
<a href="part0738.xhtml" class="class8951">364</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">On day 79 I shared with you three inspirational books and then, on day 158, I suggested some biographies to read. Today, now that we’re at the end of this book, I’d like give you some additional recommendations that you might find it valuable to read after you finish <span class="class8960">365 Days With Self-Discipline</span>
. Here they are:</div>
<div class="class39">1. <span class="class8960">Make It BIG! 49 Secrets for Building a Life of Extreme Success,</span>
 by Frank McKinney. Brilliantly inspiring and practical book written by a fascinating entrepreneur and philanthropist.</div>
<div class="class39">2 and 3. <span class="class8960">Unlimited Power</span>
 and <span class="class8960">Awaken the Giant Within,</span>
 by Tony Robbins. Two self-help classics that everyone should read.</div>
<div class="class39">4. <span class="class8960">Essentialism,</span>
 by Greg McKeown. If you’re struggling to identify your priorities and focus on what matters most, this book will help you.</div>
<div class="class39">5. <span class="class8960">The Obstacle Is the Way,</span>
 by Ryan Holiday. An excellent book, loosely based on the Roman philosophy of stoicism, that teaches you how to succeed in spite of hardships<span id="page_677"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">6. <span class="class8960">How Not to Die,</span>
 by Michael Greger. If you want to learn more about the why and how of healthy eating habits, this book is for you. Understanding on a deeper level how your unhealthy choices can affect your life can boost your resolve to finally make a change.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
