<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0183</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_348">
<div id="toc207_Day_179__On_Effort_Generating_Satisfaction" class="class31">Day 179: On Effort Generating Satisfaction</div>
<div class="class514">We like sitting in a garden but don’t want to get sweaty and dirty digging up a garden space or mowing the lawn, so we pay a gardener to cut the grass and plant some flowers.</div>
<div class="class864">We want to enjoy a nice meal, but shopping and cooking are too much trouble, so we eat out or just pop something into the microwave.</div>
<div class="class864">Sadly, in surrendering our effort in these activities, we gain relaxation, but we may actually give up a lot of deep enjoyment.</div>
<div class="class864">It’s often effort that ultimately creates long-term satisfaction.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Dan Ariely</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9694"></span>
<a href="part0551.xhtml" class="class8951">177</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">On day 154 we discussed the value of doing things yourself. We focused on the fact that resisting the temptation to delegate everything can help you learn new things and ultimately grow as a person.</div>
<div class="class39">Today I’d like to approach this subject from another perspective — that effort leads to long-term satisfaction. By choosing what now feels like a choice that maximizes your happiness (delegating the work), not only do you miss potential opportunities to learn, but you also lose the positive feelings you can get from expending the effort yourself.</div>
<div class="class39">As I’ve already stated , it’s not possible for most people to do everything themselves. However, whenever you can afford to do so, overcome your laziness and inertia, exert some willpower and, <span id="page_349"></span>
instead of having somebody else do something for you, do it yourself.</div>
<div class="class39">Yes, in the beginning it probably won’t feel as nice as the relaxation you could get from somebody else handling it for you, but in the end the expended effort will probably make you happier; this will also improve your ability to discipline yourself instead of defaulting to delegating the work to others.</div>
</body>
</html>
