<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0124</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_249">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8665" class="class510">WEEK 18</div>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8666" class="class512">Day 120: On Handling Interruptions to Your Routine</div>
<div class="class514">Planning a variance, make it concrete, black and white, and specify exactly when the variance will end. For example, instead of doing your regular gym routine while traveling through Europe, you commit to do twenty pushups every morning, and then as soon as you return home, resume your normal routine.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Tynan</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9030"></span>
<a href="part0489.xhtml" class="class8951">115</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Things change and routines get disrupted, with travel being one of the most common culprits. Whenever I can, I try to maintain the exact same routine as I follow when I am back home. If I can’t, as Tynan suggests, I come up with an alternative that is specifically to be used during the time of the disruption.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, in a few days I’m going to travel to Cyprus, an island country in the eastern Mediterranean. I have no idea whether I’ll have access to any fitness equipment there, including something as simple as a pull-up bar.</div>
<div class="class39">Consequently, I plan to take advantage of the surroundings as much as I can to maintain my shape: swim in the sea, take long walks or run at the beach, hike in the mountains, and if I find the time, perform some simple bodyweight exercises that don’t require any kind of equipment whatsoever<span id="page_250"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">This way, when I come back home, I won’t feel as if I’ve lost my normal routine. And I won’t — it will only be <span class="class8960">altered</span>
 for the special occasion, but I’ll still perform it, and consequently, won’t run the risk of falling off the bandwagon.</div>
<div class="class39">When you know about an approaching situation that’s likely to disrupt your routine, prepare yourself beforehand. Think if there’s any way that you can maintain your routine despite that situation, and if you can’t, come up with an alternative routine modified for the special circumstances. Even if your best idea is not a great one, at least you’ll still be sticking to your routine in some way, and that will prevent you from losing it.</div>
</body>
</html>
