<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0044</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_97">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8574" class="class31">Day 40: On Talking vs. Doing</div>
<div class="class514">It is better to practice a little than talk a lot.</div>
<div class="class675">—A Zen saying, attributed to Muso Soseki</div>
<div class="class39">Announcing to all of your friends, family members, and colleagues that you’re going to change and going deep into details how you’re going to do it is useless at best and sabotaging at worst.</div>
<div class="class39">Firstly, not everyone will be happy to hear that you want to improve yourself because it will make it painfully obvious that they’re lazy or don’t have as much courage as you do. Instead of support, you can receive criticism that might make you less likely to act upon your dreams.</div>
<div class="class39">Secondly, research suggests that announcing your plans makes you less motivated to accomplish them.<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9022"></span>
<a href="part0412.xhtml" class="class9028">38</a>
 By talking about your plans, you get the erroneous satisfaction that you’ve already taken action to change yourself and consequently, you’re less likely to take real action.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to tell your friends about your new goal, choose a person whom you know will support you. In addition, instead of telling them in a self-congratulatory way that you’re finally going to achieve your dreams, ask them to hold you accountable if you don’t honor your resolution.</div>
</body>
</html>
