<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0128</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_255">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8670" class="class31">Day 124: On Daily Gratitude</div>
<div class="class514">The more you regularly experience gratitude, the more self-control you have in various areas of your life.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—David DeSteno</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9346"></span>
<a href="part0493.xhtml" class="class8951">119</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Research suggests that daily gratitude boosts self-control. Researcher David DeSteno says that expressing gratitude for little everyday things, such as the kindness of a stranger, functions like a vaccine against impulsiveness. It enhances self-control and makes you more oriented toward the future.</div>
<div class="class39">In addition to boosting your self-control, expressing thankfulness daily makes you a more positive person, and that in itself is a huge benefit that can affect your ability to stick to your goals when the going gets tough.</div>
<div class="class39">Each morning or evening express gratitude for five small things. For example, I’m now sitting outdoors (one thing to be grateful for is our beautiful planet), enjoying sunny weather, and doing work I like. I’m grateful because I was able to spend a few hours climbing today and because (after I finish my work for the day) I’ll cook myself a tasty, healthy meal.</div>
<div class="class39">Such simple things are what makes life great. Why not regularly express your gratitude for them and become happier, develop more mental resistance, reduce impulsiveness and gain more self-control?</div>
</body>
</html>
