<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0262</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8823" class="class31">Day 258: On Helping, With No Strings Attache<span id="page_492"></span>
d</div>
<div class="class514">Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are always asking, “What’s in it for me?”</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Brian Tracy</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9380"></span>
<a href="part0631.xhtml" class="class8951">257</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">You can help others in two ways: help with no expectation for getting anything in return but the pleasure of helping, or help in a calculated way, expecting a reward.</div>
<div class="class39">Obviously, some situations require scratching each other’s back. It would be foolish to help someone without expecting a clear compensation in return if you’re conducting a regular business transaction.</div>
<div class="class39">However, many trivial everyday situations are opportunities for learning to exhibit the other approach: offering help with no strings attached.</div>
<div class="class39">This type of help is a valuable exercise in learning self-discipline because when you make difficult choices, you won’t always have a guarantee of a future reward. Helping for the sake of helping is a powerful exercise in learning that it’s worth it to do something positive for the sake of doing it, and not necessarily for immediate compensation.</div>
<div class="class39">Nobody is going to jump out of the corner with a trumpet, clapping their hands and congratulating you for making the right <span id="page_493"></span>
choice when you skip dessert. However, just like when helping with no strings attached, doing it anyway (without others’ congratulations or expressed approval) can help you learn to draw pleasure from the mere fact of doing something that you know is good for you.</div>
<div class="class39">In addition to that, looking for opportunities to help others will help you develop the mindset of a successful individual — a person who’s constantly on the lookout to contribute more to the world.</div>
</body>
</html>
