<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0079</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8614" class="class31">Day 75: On Hater<span id="page_162"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">Luke! Don’t give in to hate. That leads to the Dark Side.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Obi-Wan Kenobi</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9628"></span>
<a href="part0445.xhtml" class="class8951">71</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">It’s a fact of life that when you do something worthwhile, you will have haters. People will criticize you for everything and anything, for a variety of reasons.</div>
<div class="class39">People accused me of a lack of respect toward women merely because I wanted to overcome shyness and be able to talk with attractive females. Others criticized me for my efforts to lose weight and build a fit physique. Yet others laughed at my attempts to build a successful business, claiming that I would never accomplish my ambitious financial goals. Today people criticize my books or send me impolite emails because I annoyed them in some unfathomable way.</div>
<div class="class39">In the beginning, it bothered me a lot. I wondered if there was something wrong with me, if the people criticizing me knew something that had escaped me. Time passed, and with the growing number of goals I had reached and the trust in myself I had consequently developed, I realized there was no value in the feedback that was coming from haters. Giving in to hate and letting it get to you leads to rancor, a poison that can jeopardize your long-term goals.</div>
<div class="class39">I’d love to share with you a secret, foolproof way to deal with haters, but in the end the only solution is the most obvious one — <span id="page_163"></span>
you ignore whatever insults and malice they throw at you and focus on yourself instead.</div>
<div class="class39">We don’t know each other, but I know that if you’re still reading this book, you’re a person who cares about self-improvement and making the world a better place. Don’t let the negative individuals instill low self-esteem or doubt in you. I’m sure you have good intentions and the ability to make your dreams come true.</div>
<div class="class39">Shield yourself from negativity by surrounding yourself with the Light Side: other people pursuing their goals, empowering books, mentors, and visiting venues or participating in online communities that exhibit positive values.</div>
</body>
</html>
