<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0158</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_305">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8704" class="class31">Day 154: On the Value of Doing Things Yourself</div>
<div class="class514">Know the pleasure of workmanship, the joy that comes from things made well by your own hands, the happiness which comes from closer touch with the fundamental things of life and the consciousness of being of value to the world.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Ernest Thompson Seton</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9241"></span>
<a href="part0523.xhtml" class="class8951">149</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">In today’s world, nobody is self-sufficient. Everybody is doing what they do best and they rely on others to satisfy their other needs and desires. Division of labor has led to prosperity, but it has also made us lazy: whatever you want, you can buy it and get it almost instantly delivered to your door.</div>
<div class="class39">Have a backyard? Hire a gardener to tend to it. Don’t want to clean? Hire a maid. Don’t have the patience to learn how to fix your sink? Call a handyman.</div>
<div class="class39">There’s nothing inherently wrong about it and in fact, more often than not it’s a smart approach. Why waste time doing something you’re not good at if there are people who would be happy to take care of the problem for you?</div>
<div class="class39">However, if you develop a habit that whenever you’re facing a problem, you need to call somebody else to fix it, what will happen to your problem-solving skills? How likely will you be to keep going when problems emerge in your line of work and it will be you who will need to deal with them<span id="page_306"></span>
?</div>
<div class="class39">Lastly, by avoiding doing things yourself, how many opportunities are you missing out on to learn something new or face a difficult situation head on and solve it yourself?</div>
<div class="class39">At the moment I’m writing this, I’m in the process of remodeling my apartment. I debated on hiring an interior designer to handle the entire process: design the apartment, buy materials, hire contractors, and manage it all.</div>
<div class="class39">However, even though I could afford it, in the end I decided against it, realizing that in addition to financial savings, it was a good opportunity to learn something new. Remodeling can be a frustrating and difficult undertaking, so it can also serve as a valuable exercise in self-control. In the end, doing it myself will not only save me money, but also lead to personal growth — and that’s the primary reward of doing things yourself.</div>
</body>
</html>
