<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0347</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_641">
<div id="toc394_Day_343__On_Turning_Intentions_into_Actions" class="class31">Day 343: On Turning Intentions into Actions</div>
<div class="class514">I always wrote down my goals. It wasn’t sufficient just to tell myself “lose twenty pounds and learn better English and read a little bit more.” No. That was only a start. Now I had to make it very specific so that all those fine intentions were not just floating around. I would take out index cards and write that I was going to: • get twelve more units in college; • earn enough money to save $5,000; • work out five hours a day; • gain seven pounds of solid muscle weight; and • find an apartment building to buy and move into.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Arnold Schwarzenegger</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9596"></span>
<a href="part0717.xhtml" class="class8951">343</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">The more vague your plans are, the more likely they are to remain in the realm of intentions instead of real-world actions. You need to make your plans specific, quantifiable, and (ideally) repeatable in some way so that each day brings you closer to accomplishing your goals.</div>
<div class="class39">“I’m going to write a book” is a good start, but it isn’t going to lead to any accomplishments unless you make it more specific by listing the specific actions that you’re going to take, such as: “Plot my story in 2000 words,” “Write the first chapter,” and later on, as the sole daily action that is required to reach your goal, “Write 1000 words every day.”</div>
<div class="class39">With goals that make it difficult to tell whether or when you’ve accomplished them, such as Arnold’s “I’m going to learn better English,” it’s crucial to set specific, quantifiable sub-goals, such as “<span id="page_642"></span>
Master 100 common words related to medicine” or “Read ten history books in English,” so that you can objectively say that because of the effort you’ve exerted, you’ve indeed improved your abilities and have evidence that supports that view.</div>
<div class="class39">Note that the real work doesn’t begin until you take the first action designed to get you closer to your goals. Even the most specific and well-designed goal is still a dream until you figure out what concrete actions you need to take — and then take them — to convert it into a true goal with chances for success.</div>
</body>
</html>
