<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0090</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8627" class="class31">Day 86: On the Spillover Effect of <span id="page_185"></span>
Success</div>
<div class="class514">I’ve come to believe that success at anything has a spillover effect on other things. You can take advantage of that effect by becoming good at things that require nothing but practice. Once you become good at a few unimportant things, such as hobbies or sports, the habit of success stays with you on more important quests.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Scott Adams</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9638"></span>
<a href="part0455.xhtml" class="class8951">81</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">The first time I discovered that success in one area results in success in other walks of life was when I started exercising. Thanks to my own efforts, I got stronger, lost weight and gained some muscle. This small success made me realize that I had control over my life.</div>
<div class="class39">From then on, I embarked on other projects to change my life, including objectives as varied as overcoming shyness and building self-confidence, launching my first business, living in a foreign country, learning foreign languages, and eventually becoming a self-published author.</div>
<div class="class39">If you don’t believe in your abilities to succeed, heed Scott Adams’ advice and pick something that requires nothing but practice to become good at it. Invest several months of your life into it and when you notice progress — based entirely on your own efforts, not “luck” — I’m sure you’ll discover in yourself the power to tackle other challenges<span id="page_186"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">In addition to that, every goal you’re consistently working on will help you develop the proper habits and traits needed to achieve success. Whether it’s learning how to play chess, dancing, learning Russian, setting up a backyard garden, or mastering table tennis, the real-world experience of going from a complete newbie to a person knowledgeable about the topic will transform you from the inside out.</div>
</body>
</html>
