<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0366</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8942" class="class31">Day 362: On Professionalis<span id="page_672"></span>
m</div>
<div class="class514">Amateurs think that if they were inspired all the time, they could be professionals. Professionals know that if they relied on inspiration, they’d be amateurs.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Philip Pullman</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9539"></span>
<a href="part0736.xhtml" class="class8951">362</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Inspiration is important to get you to start working on your goals, but you can’t rely on it alone if you want to pursue excellence and become a high performer. The keys to professionalism are:</div>
<div class="class39">
<span class="class9087">1. Routine.</span>
 Don’t wait for inspiration to strike you. In an ideal world you’d be inspired all the time, always pumped up to work. In the real world, you’re probably going to be uninspired more often than you’ll be inspired. Yet, if you want to become professional, you need to deliver on both good and bad days.</div>
<div class="class39">Establish a routine of what you need to produce each day (whether it’s 1000 words of a book, playing the guitar for an hour, making 50 sales calls, or learning 20 new words in a foreign language) and stick to it, regardless of your mood.</div>
<div class="class39">
<span class="class9087">2. Reliability.</span>
 If you give a promise, you fulfill it — and that includes any promise you make to yourself. This also means sticking to deadlines and resisting the temptation to extend them just because they’re difficult to meet.</div>
<div class="class39">
<span class="class9087">3. Constant improvement.</span>
 Amateurs dabble, while professionals constantly improve their craft. Always seek new ways to improve your performance and avoid the laziness of rejecting <span id="page_673"></span>
new, possibly better methods, just because they can disrupt your current way of doing things.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
