<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0247</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8806" class="class31">Day 243: On the Crime of Aiming <span id="page_463"></span>
Too Low</div>
<div class="class514">I will commit not the terrible crime of aiming too low. I will do the work that a failure will not do. I will always let my reach exceed my grasp.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Og Mandino</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8977"></span>
<a href="part0616.xhtml" class="class8951">242</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Aiming too low is in essence yet another manifestation of choosing immediate rewards over bigger rewards in the future.</div>
<div class="class39">You set your sights low, which ensures success and gives you some peace of mind from knowing that you’ll probably make it. However, at the same time, you limit your accomplishments. You get some comfort today at the expense of possible bigger rewards in the future.</div>
<div class="class39">The alternative is to set ambitious goals that make you feel uncomfortable because they carry a higher risk of failure. You suffer some discomfort today, but in the long run stand to gain more.</div>
<div class="class39">Which choice is more aligned with a person who values self-discipline in life?</div>
<div class="class39">Please bear in mind that you shouldn’t confuse aiming high with being unreasonable. If you have no idea what is possible and what is not, start slowly with a safe, easily attainable goal, and aim higher only when you understand the odds of making a more ambitious goal become a reality<span id="page_464"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">As a rule of thumb, if you’ve already been working on a particular area of your life for several months or years, you probably know what is easy to achieve, what is realistic and what might be beyond your reach. If you’re new to something, it’s unlikely that you can determine that right away without first gaining some experience.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I know (from my experience in business) that, in a six-month timeframe, it’s an easy goal to make $100 a month from an online business, a realistic goal to make $500 a month, and a “stretch” goal to cross $2000 a month.</div>
<div class="class39">At the opposite end of the spectrum is golfing. I don’t know anything about it, so instead of setting an ambitious goal (something I can’t do properly because I don’t understand the odds), I can only focus on an easy, attainable goal (such as learning the basics of how to hit the ball properly), and only begin to aim higher after I have understood the fundamentals.</div>
</body>
</html>
