<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0061</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_126">
<div id="toc67_WEEK_9" class="class510">WEEK 9</div>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8594" class="class512">Day 57: On Two Types of Happiness</div>
<div class="class514">People who have high levels of what is known as eudaimonic well-being — the kind of happiness that comes from having a deep sense of purpose and meaning in life (think Mother Teresa) — showed very favorable gene-expression profiles in their immune cells. They had low levels of inflammatory gene expression and strong expression of antiviral and antibody genes.</div>
<div class="class864">However, people who had relatively high levels of hedonic well-being — the type of happiness that comes from consummatory self-gratification (think most celebrities) — actually showed just the opposite. They had an adverse expression profile involving high inflammation and low antiviral and antibody gene expression.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Mark Wheeler</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9383"></span>
<a href="part0428.xhtml" class="class8951">54</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Science suggests that the fleeting happiness you get from succumbing to a temptation is inferior — at least when it comes to its effect on how your genes express — to the type of happiness you can draw out of a sense of purpose and meaning in life.</div>
<div class="class39">According to the study, a person guided by a deep sense of purpose is less likely to suffer from inflammation and more likely to have a stronger immune system. While both types of happiness can generate the same positive emotions, it’s those with high levels of eudaimonic well-being that benefit more<span id="page_127"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Since the results come from a study on just 80 participants, we shouldn’t treat the conclusions as a broadly-applicable scientific fact. However, there’s definitely immense power in having a mission in your life.</div>
<div class="class39">When all of your decisions are aligned toward a better future (even if you’re suffering at times because things don’t go as planned or it’s hard to maintain self-discipline), you wake up fired up, with vigor and a sense of purpose you’d never get if you were to prioritize hedonic well-being.</div>
</body>
</html>
