<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0230</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8787" class="class31">Day 226: On Waiting to Be Save<span id="page_434"></span>
d</div>
<div class="class514">No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Gautama Buddha</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9526"></span>
<a href="part0600.xhtml" class="class8951">226</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">It’s easy to fall victim to the belief that you need to wait for someone or something to save you.</div>
<div class="class39">You won’t start a business unless you find an investor or a mentor. How about starting your business on a shoestring and learning along the way?</div>
<div class="class39">You won’t change your eating habits unless you find the right diet that was designed by a world-famous dietitian. How about eating more vegetables and fruits and eliminating unhealthy foods from your diet, one by one?</div>
<div class="class39">You won’t start exercising unless you find the right coach. How about putting on your sneakers and going for a walk or dropping to the ground and doing a few pushups?</div>
<div class="class39">You won’t start a long-term relationship unless the perfect, flawless person appears in your life. How about looking for a potential partner yourself, accepting that nobody is perfect, and committing to the other person as they are — with all of their positive traits and also their flaws?</div>
<div class="class39">Don’t wait to be saved. You yourself must walk your own path. Use the resources offered by other people when you have access to them, but don’t use them as crutches.</div>
</body>
</html>
