<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0325</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_603">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8895" class="class31">Day 321: On Being the Creator of Your Circumstances</div>
<div class="class514">Man is not the creature of circumstances, circumstances are the creatures of men.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Benjamin Disraeli</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9046"></span>
<a href="part0696.xhtml" class="class8951">322</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">It would be nice to blame our circumstances for everything bad that happens in our lives. Finally, there would be something else that is responsible for our deficiencies, inaction, lack of willpower, etc.</div>
<div class="class39">Unfortunately (or rather, fortunately), we’re the creators of the circumstances in which we find ourselves today.</div>
<div class="class39">While you can’t change where you were born, you can change where you live.</div>
<div class="class39">While you can’t change who your parents were, you can choose your teachers and mentors.</div>
<div class="class39">While you can’t change whether you were born blind, deaf, mute, or with a different physical disability, you can change how you think about it.</div>
<div class="class39">So many people accept their circumstances for what they are, instead of acknowledging that they always have <span class="class8960">some</span>
 control over them — even if it’s just the ability to change how you think about them.</div>
<div class="class39">If you don’t like something about your circumstances, you can change them, accept them, or find power in them<span id="page_604"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">If you don’t like where you live, you can move to a different place. If for some reason you can’t do that, you can accept where you live and focus on other aspects of your life there. You can also find power in your environment and discover the hidden benefits of where you live (for example, a small town might not be great for job prospects, but your costs of living are lower).</div>
<div class="class39">Don’t make yourself a victim by believing that you’re a creature of circumstances or you might as well give up any hope for a better future.</div>
</body>
</html>
