<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0165</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_318">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8712" class="class31">Day 161: On Addressing the Real Mistakes</div>
<div class="class514">When expert putters miss, they don’t say, “I am a terrible putter.” They say, “I picked the wrong target.”</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—John Eliot</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9429"></span>
<a href="part0530.xhtml" class="class8951">156</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Proclaiming that you suck simply because you made a mistake is not only being unfair to yourself. You also rob yourself of the opportunity to improve, and increase the risk of developing learned helplessness.</div>
<div class="class39">Learning can’t happen if you believe that improvement is beyond your control. Yet, that’s precisely what you’re doing when you’re pointing the finger at yourself instead of at a specific action that you took.</div>
<div class="class39">Imagine an instructor who tells their student that they’re a terrible tennis player. What does such kind of feedback accomplish besides demotivating the student? The only effective way to teach is to deliver specific feedback pertaining to a concrete aspect of their game, not by criticizing the person playing it.</div>
<div class="class39">Do what expert putters do. Instead of wrongly criticizing <span class="class8960">yourself</span>
, address the real mistakes in the form of specific <span class="class8960">actions</span>
 you took that didn’t result in the desired outcome.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
