<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0278</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_519">
<div id="toc315_WEEK_40" class="class510">WEEK 40</div>
<div id="toc316_Day_274__On_Constant_Movement" class="class512">Day 274: On Constant Movement</div>
<div class="class514">Well, I always know what I want. And when you know what you want — you go toward it. Sometimes you go very fast, and sometimes only an inch a year. Perhaps you feel happier when you go fast. I don’t know. I’ve forgotten the difference long ago, because it really doesn’t matter, so long as you move.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Ayn Rand</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9121"></span>
<a href="part0648.xhtml" class="class8951">274</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Constant movement is the key to a successful life because humans are programmed to always be on the mission to improve their lives. The journey in itself can give life meaning, and obsessing about not being able to shorten it can only bring unnecessary frustration.</div>
<div class="class39">In addition to that, certain goals require years (or sometimes even decades) to achieve, and there’s little, if anything, you can do to turn them into reality sooner. Complaining only breeds negativity, which does nothing to help you attain your goals.</div>
<div class="class39">You might think that it doesn’t make sense to work on a goal if your progress is slow and you consequently feel tempted to give up.</div>
<div class="class39">But what’s the alternative?</div>
<div class="class39">If you give up, you’re guaranteed to not meet your objectives. What sense does it make to give up, frustrated by the slow progress, and then resort to wishing you could somehow magically turn your dream into reality?</div>
</body>
</html>
