<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0005</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_30">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8529" class="class510">WEEK 1</div>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8530" class="class512">Day 1: On Living the Hard Way</div>
<div class="class514">Life’s easy when you live it the hard way... and hard if you try to live it the easy way.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Dave Kekich</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9026"></span>
<a href="part0375.xhtml#TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9627" class="class8951">1</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Self-discipline means living your life the hard way: resisting temptations and instant gratification, in order to receive bigger and better rewards in the future. It’s certainly <span class="class8960">easier</span>
 to avoid all kinds of discomfort and indulge yourself whenever you want, but in the end, all that you get from that approach is fleeting pleasure <span class="class8960">now</span>
 at the expense of your future, which otherwise could have been much better.</div>
<div class="class39">Consider a weak-willed person who, when faced with a challenge, immediately opts out. How likely is this person to achieve anything substantial in life if their primary value is to feel comfortable? How is this person going to manage a crisis that they <span class="class8960">must</span>
 face? Even a relatively insignificant problem can become an insurmountable obstacle for a person who’s been living a sheltered life and always avoided what’s difficult or disagreeable.</div>
<div class="class39">Now contrast that with a person who <span class="class8960">voluntarily</span>
 makes his or her life harder. They seek out and welcome challenges as opportunities to grow. Each self-imposed affliction strengthens them, so that fewer and fewer difficulties in life overwhelm them. Day by day, they immunize themselves against problems, precisely <span id="page_31"></span>
because they seek them out. When life deals them an unexpected blow, they’re ready to handle it because — thanks to living their lives the hard way — they’re <span class="class8960">always</span>
 ready for hardships.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
