<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0337</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8909" class="class31">Day 333: On Happiness as a Dut<span id="page_624"></span>
y</div>
<div class="class514">It is our duty to be happy.</div>
<div class="class864">Why? Because our moods and happiness or unhappiness are catching. They inevitably infect other people. When we are happy we make other people happy, especially the people closest to us, physically, at home, at work, socially; and even people we speak to on the phone, online, or by email.</div>
<div class="class864">And, vitally important, there is the multiplier effect. I am happy, I make you happier, you make them happier, they make yet other people — whom you may never know — happier. The effect is incalculable, and it is always large. The same is true in reverse when you are miserable.</div>
<div class="class864">So time spent being miserable is antisocial. Stop it now! Relax, change your mood, be happy, and make the world hum rather than shudder.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Richard Koch</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9682"></span>
<a href="part0708.xhtml" class="class8951">334</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Just like you need self-discipline to become fitter, save money, learn a foreign language, or keep your house clean, so you need it to become and remain happy.</div>
<div class="class39">As we’ve already discussed, in some ways, being a negative person is being a lazy person. It takes more work to think positive thoughts, so we choose to feel unhappy because it’s an easier state to access; we could just as well invest some energy and feel good.</div>
<div class="class39">Whether you’re happy or not wouldn’t mean much for your goals if it weren’t for the fact that a positive attitude is one of the keys to accomplishment. It makes you believe that you can achieve <span id="page_625"></span>
the impossible, boosts your courage, and keeps you going when you’re hit with one difficulty after another.</div>
<div class="class39">Consequently, you need to work on happiness, just like on any other important aspect of a self-disciplined life. If you find it challenging to put yourself in a good mood, think of happiness as a moral duty. You owe it to your loved ones and strangers to be happy because your mood — to a smaller or a larger extent — will infect them.</div>
<div class="class39">When you have the flu, you don’t deliberately go to crowded places or sneeze near your loved ones; you try your best not to infect them. Why would happiness be any different? Exert some self-discipline to think happy thoughts and eradicate the bad mood. It’s within your control to feel great or miserable.</div>
<div class="class39">Strive to infect others with happiness, not sadness. A great side effect is that the happier you make other people, the easier it will be to remain happy yourself.</div>
</body>
</html>
