<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0051</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_107">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8582" class="class31">Day 47: On the Folly of Loafing Around</div>
<div class="class514">The loafer believes he is enjoying life, but sooner or later he must face disillusion.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Fausto Cercignani</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9486"></span>
<a href="part0420.xhtml" class="class8951">46</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Since self-discipline shines in the long term, and often doesn’t seem to provide any benefits in the short term, you may be tempted to believe that people who are loafing around have it better.</div>
<div class="class39">While you’re watching your finances like a hawk, they spend money they don’t have and show off with all the new cool gadgets.</div>
<div class="class39">While you’re eating a salad and washing it down with a cup of green tea, they’re eating a bag of delicious potato chips and gulping down sugary cans of Coke.</div>
<div class="class39">While you feel like throwing up during your workout from trying to to squeeze out one more rep, they squeeze more mayo out of the bottle to put it on the French fries they gorge on while watching their favorite TV shows.</div>
<div class="class39">It might seem they have it better, but sooner or later the person exposing himself or herself to discomfort for the sake of achieving their long-term goals will come out on top, while the people loafing around will get to feel the negative consequences of their laziness.</div>
<div class="class39">Irresponsible spenders will realize they’re on the brink of bankruptcy. Potato chip addicts will be diagnosed with diabetes. The inactive TV fans will start taking hypertension medication<span id="page_108"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">You, on the other hand, will look back at your past sacrifices and smile, happy that you’ve never succumbed to the temptation to take it easy and loaf around.</div>
</body>
</html>
