<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0276</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_515">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8839" class="class31">Day 272: On Extinguishing Bad Habits</div>
<div class="class514">You can never truly extinguish bad habits. Rather, to change a habit, you must keep the old cue, and deliver the old reward, but insert a new routine. That’s the rule: If you use the same cue, and provide the same reward, you can shift the routine and change the habit. Almost any behavior can be transformed if the cue and reward stay the same.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Charles Duhigg</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9570"></span>
<a href="part0645.xhtml" class="class8951">271</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Some time ago we talked about the habit loop: a cue (a signal to perform a habit), a routine (action), and a reward for engaging in the habit. This loop, when repeated over and over again, creates an automatic behavior.</div>
<div class="class39">You can use this loop to create new habits, but you can also use it to replace bad habits with more empowering routines.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, instead of always eating a chocolate bar during a lunch break, eat a banana. Your cue is a lunch break and your reward is eating something sweet. Two parts of the habit loop remain the same, but are now satisfied by a healthier alternative.</div>
<div class="class39">Instead of always dealing with a stressful situation by emotional eating, head out for a quick run. Your cue is feeling stressed, and as a reward you get to reduce or eliminate the anxiety. Running can become an alternative, healthy way of satisfying your need for self-comfort<span id="page_516"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">If you have any bad habits you want to get rid of, think about how to keep your cue and reward the same while replacing the negative routine with something empowering. You’ll reduce the risk of reverting to the old habit because it will only be the action in itself that changes — not your cue or the reward.</div>
</body>
</html>
