<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0178</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_339">
<div id="toc201_Day_174__On_Experiencing_Life" class="class31">Day 174: On Experiencing Life</div>
<div class="class514">Accept what life offers you and try to drink from every cup. All wines should be tasted; some should only be sipped, but with others, drink the whole bottle.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Paulo Coelho</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9307"></span>
<a href="part0545.xhtml" class="class8951">171</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">While this book and most of my other books glorify self-discipline and make it sound like the most important thing in the world, I don’t want you to think that a life of deprivation is the right one. In fact, I believe that unless you espouse self-discipline in a healthy way, it might be close to impossible to maintain it in the long haul.</div>
<div class="class39">However, what <span class="class8960">is</span>
 a healthy approach to self-discipline? It’s the attitude that self-discipline exists to support you in your goals, but it shouldn’t prevent you from fully experiencing life.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I’m now on an overseas trip. While I’m still largely following my routine by waking up early and working in the morning, I also make exceptions: I work less, my diet is not as strict, and I allow myself to be lazier. I’m still working toward some goals, but I put some on a temporary hold. I can always work on them later, while pushing myself now would mean that I wouldn’t be able to experience the trip to the fullest and recharge my batteries.</div>
<div class="class39">I want you to be as self-disciplined as possible, but I don’t want you to skip eating spaghetti, pizza, or ice cream while in Italy, avoid eating a piece of birthday cake at your best friend’s party, or to not enjoy sunny weather and goof off at the beach every now and then<span id="page_340"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">However, as the quote from Paulo Coelho’s says, please note that you should experience some things only a little, while others are there to be enjoyed to the fullest. There are also experiences that you can skip without any regrets. For example, you don’t have to take hard drugs to know that it’s a bad idea, while indulging in unhealthy food <span class="class8960">every now and then</span>
 (ideally when celebrating something with your loved ones) isn’t that bad.</div>
<div class="class39">Lastly, don’t treat it as a permission to cheat. You shouldn’t go on a trip while in the middle of your diet just so you can indulge in unhealthy food or get lazy because it’s sunny outside while you have an urgent job to do.</div>
<div class="class39">Accept with welcoming hands what life has to offer, but make sure that you drink from the right cups, and in the right amount — not too little, and not too much.</div>
</body>
</html>
