<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0349</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_645">
<div id="toc397_Day_345__On_Injecting_Adventure_in_Your_Routines" class="class31">Day 345: On Injecting Adventure in Your Routines</div>
<div class="class514">Writing interests me more than anything else. If I made a chore of it, my enthusiasm would die. I make it an adventure every day. I get more entertainment from it than any I could buy.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Willa Cather</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9524"></span>
<a href="part0719.xhtml" class="class8951">345</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">A daily routine sounds boring, but it doesn’t need to be. If you inject some fun and adventure in it, you’ll find it will be easier and more pleasant to stick to it.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, if you’re on a diet, there’s no rule stating that you can’t cook exotic healthy meals or try foods you’ve never tasted before. Starting a diet can be a good opportunity to introduce more variety in your nutritional habits.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to become more financially disciplined, turn it into a game. Set a challenge to save as much money as you can. Find better deals for the items you need to buy regularly. Come up with ways to make some money on the side.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to become more productive, challenge yourself to get as much work done as possible in a short period of time. Experiment by working in different places. Try new ways of getting things done.</div>
<div class="class39">If your resolutions don’t feel like chores, but more like opportunities to have some small adventures and entertain yourself, <span id="page_646"></span>
you’ll be more likely to stick to them than if you looked at them as boring obligations.</div>
</body>
</html>
