<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0135</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_265">
<div id="toc152_Day_131__On_Building_an_Ark" class="class31">Day 131: On Building an Ark</div>
<div class="class514">It took Noah 20 years to build an ark. And people said he was being silly because the skies were beautiful. And of course, the whole time, he looked stupid — until it started raining. You can spend a long time building an ark while everybody else is out there enjoying the sun.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Peter Bevelin</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9243"></span>
<a href="part0499.xhtml" class="class8951">125</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Your efforts to improve will draw criticism or ridicule from people who don’t care about self-improvement. It’s possible you’ll spend a long time doing things without a reward and start wondering whether your goal makes sense.</div>
<div class="class39">Is it worth it to spend several years working so hard to get a degree, build a business, or move up the ladder in your company while others are partying and enjoying their lives on credit?</div>
<div class="class39">During the process you might face doubts and even feel tempted to give up. However, five or ten years from now, the ones who were wasting time will get the short end of the stick when they realize that they wasted their time on ultimately meaningless pleasures. Now they’re in debt, worried about how to pay their bills, and doubting that they’ll ever have a successful career, while you’re enjoying the fruits of your labor.</div>
<div class="class39">Whenever you’re in doubt, remind yourself that you’re building an ark and that rain <span class="class8960">will</span>
 come. Maybe now you aren’t enjoying yourself as much as others are, but in the grand scheme of things, it’s better to be prepared and suffer a little now to prosper in the future than live in sweet denial and one day realize it’s too late.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
