<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0009</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8534" class="class31">Day 5: On Enslavement to Sel<span id="page_36"></span>
f</div>
<div class="class514">Before complaining that you are a slave to another, be sure that you are not a slave to self. Look within; you will find there, perchance, slavish thoughts, slavish desires, and in your daily life and conduct slavish habits. Conquer these; cease to be a slave to self, and no man will have the power to enslave you.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—James Allen</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9279"></span>
<a href="part0379.xhtml" class="class8951">5</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">It’s easy to delegate the responsibility for our lives and choices to other people.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s not your fault that you can’t stick to a diet — it’s because your friends constantly tempt you to grab something to eat with them.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s not your fault that you can’t control your finances — it’s those evil corporations that spend millions on advertising and leave you powerless to change.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s not that you lack willpower to exercise — people always want something from you and you never have the time to develop this healthy habit.</div>
<div class="class39">In reality, nothing could be further from the truth. While external circumstances can affect you, in the end, whether or not they control your life depends on you. Just like James Allen said, when you achieve self-mastery, no one (and no thing) will have the power to enslave you.</div>
<div class="class39">The next time you blame an external factor for your lack of self-discipline, think again. Was it the person eating chocolate next to you who controlled what you put in your mouth, or was it you?</div>
</body>
</html>
