<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0190</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_361">
<div id="toc215_Day_186__On_Simple_Rules" class="class31">Day 186: On Simple Rules</div>
<div class="class514">Simple rules are shortcut strategies that save time and effort by focusing our attention and simplifying the way we process information. The rules aren’t universal — they’re tailored to the particular situation and the person using them.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Donald Sull</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9354"></span>
<a href="part0558.xhtml" class="class8951">184</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">I’m a big fan of using rules to simplify my life. In today’s world, we have too many choices to make. Many of those choices are trivial, but because we don’t want to miss out, we waste precious time deciding where we want to go for dinner, whether we want to drink blueberry, raspberry, strawberry, or blackberry juice, and then waste even more time choosing a meal we want to eat.</div>
<div class="class39">And that’s just one common situation in a sea of choices. Which brand of bread to eat? Which fitness regimen to follow? Where to go for a vacation? Which book to read? The choices are endless, and they’re all sucking energy that you could spend on something more constructive and useful.</div>
<div class="class39">Embrace some simple rules in your life to pare down your choices to the bare minimum.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I have a simple rule when it comes to traveling: I never travel to cold places. If it’s less than 60-70 degrees Fahrenheit (15–20 degrees Celsius) there, I’m not going. This greatly limits my choices, I know that the weather will be relatively good, and I get to spend more time planning the actual trip rather than choosing the destination<span id="page_362"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Another example, more from the realm of personal development, is my rule of never giving up on anything that’s important to me. Having established that something is important to me, I don’t give up. I can’t break my rule, so I’ll stick to a goal for as long as necessary or until it stops being important to me.</div>
<div class="class39">My other rules include things like not taking group classes (I find it to be an extremely ineffective way of learning when the attention of the teacher is spread out over several students or more), rejecting interviews and social media (I’d rather spend my time by writing a new book), and always choosing solutions that minimize my <span class="class8960">time</span>
 investment, even if they’re financially more expensive (such as choosing more expensive airport parking to be closer to the terminal or buying more expensive products to reduce the risk of them breaking down).</div>
<div class="class39">What are your rules? Think of some common decisions you often have to make — including the important choices related to your goals — and think of simple rules you could establish to simplify your life and your decision-making process.</div>
</body>
</html>
