<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0356</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_655">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8931" class="class31">Day 352: On the Empowerment in Trade-Offs</div>
<div class="class514">Essentialists see trade-offs as an inherent part of life, not as an inherently negative part of life. Instead of asking, “What do I have to give up?” they ask, “What do I want to go big on?</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Greg McKeown</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9322"></span>
<a href="part0726.xhtml" class="class8951">352</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">We’ve discussed that it’s essential to replace “I can’t do it” with “I don’t do it” in order not to think of your resolutions as punishments. This entry is about taking that even further: instead of asking yourself what you have to give up, think of something more important that you want to gain. In other words, frame your perception of giving up a harmful behavior as an act of empowerment, not an act of sacrifice.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, if you want to start saving money, it’s not a question of what you won’t be able to buy anymore. The right question is what will saving more money let you “go big on”? How about improving your peace of mind, spending less time shopping, treating your family to a nice vacation, or (ultimately) perhaps even retiring early? In the grand scheme of things, what does giving up some purchases mean in comparison to <span class="class8960">that</span>
?</div>
<div class="class39">Approach each trade-off in the same way: ensure that you understand deep down that it’s an act of choosing to get more of something you consider important, and not an act of sacrificing something to get something else.</div>
</body>
</html>
