<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0200</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_380">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8752" class="class31">Day 196: On Impermanent Motivation</div>
<div class="class514">Of course motivation is not permanent. But then, neither is bathing; but it is something you should do on a regular basis.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Zig Ziglar</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9365"></span>
<a href="part0568.xhtml" class="class8951">194</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Don’t assume that if you’re motivated now, you’ll be motivated forever, and if the motivation is gone, it’s time to give up on your goals.</div>
<div class="class39">You should draw your motivation from your personal reasons why (such as your desire to build a successful business to offer your family the best of what life has to offer), but you’ll have to periodically do some spring-cleaning and revise your motivators.</div>
<div class="class39">Resist the temptation to give up just because you temporarily lack motivation. Instead of treating it as an excuse to discontinue your efforts, come up with practical solutions that will recharge your motivation.</div>
<div class="class39">Just like you need to wash your body regularly to keep it clean, you need to regularly take care of your motivation. Replenish it whenever it drops and always look for new ways to strengthen it.</div>
<div class="class39">I strongly suggest creating a document in which you’re going to put anything that fires you up. For example, I save articles I find inspirational, jot down songs I find motivating, and download images that inspire me. Whenever I feel under the weather, I can access my “inspiration bank” and lift my spirits.</div>
</body>
</html>
