<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0169</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_325">
<div id="toc191_Day_165__On_Not_Living_Up_To_Your_Ideals" class="class31">Day 165: On Not Living Up To Your Ideals</div>
<div class="class514">Our behavior sometimes falls short of our ideals not because we’re bad people and not because our self-interest outweighs our benevolence, but because we don’t realize we’re not living up to our ideals.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Russ Roberts</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9490"></span>
<a href="part0535.xhtml" class="class8951">161</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Self-awareness is an important part of the process of making any change. If you don’t pay enough attention to your actions, you won’t be able to ensure that you live up to your ideals.</div>
<div class="class39">Each week, perform a quick review. Ask yourself if your actions during the past week were congruent with your ideals, values, and goals.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, if my goal is to become a calmer, more understanding person, each week (or each day), I’ll ask myself if I exuded those emotions or let myself go — and in <span class="class8960">both</span>
 cases, specifically when I did so, and how and why.</div>
<div class="class39">Knowing when you make mistakes will help you avoid them in the future and encourage further improvement. Don’t focus on mistakes alone, though. For motivational purposes, it’s also important to think about when you <span class="class8960">did</span>
 live up to your ideals and feel proud of your progress.</div>
<div class="class39">Implement self-monitoring and periodic reviews in your routine, and you’ll increase your chances of making a new change stick. If you don’t evaluate your behavior, you’ll make everything harder.</div>
</body>
</html>
