<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0161</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_311">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8708" class="class31">Day 157: On Remembering Death</div>
<div class="class514">Remembering that I’ll be dead soon is the most important tool I’ve ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything — all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure — these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important. Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Steve Jobs</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9196"></span>
<a href="part0526.xhtml" class="class8951">152</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">In the face of death, what does pride or fear of embarrassment mean? What will you regret more in your last days: not going after your goals out of a fear of failure or voluntarily putting yourself in uncomfortable situations that might result in embarrassment in exchange for eventually making your dreams come true?</div>
<div class="class39">It’s not a particularly pleasant practice to remember that you’re going to die, but it can serve as a powerful reminder that — in the grand scheme of things — there’s little you can lose and a lot you can gain by chasing after your dreams (and on the other hand, a lot to lose and little to gain by not shaping your life the way you want it to be just because you’re afraid of failure or embarrassment).</div>
</body>
</html>
