<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0101</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc113_Day_97__On_Treating_Yourself_Well" class="class31">Day 97: On Treating Yourself Wel<span id="page_206"></span>
l</div>
<div class="class514">Nearly every human action is in some way an expression of how we think about ourselves.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Gordon Livingston</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8991"></span>
<a href="part0466.xhtml" class="class8951">92</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">If nearly every action of yours is an expression of how you think about yourself, what do your actions say about how you see yourself?</div>
<div class="class39">If a person is stuffing themselves with unhealthy food and drinks, do they respect their bodies or is it an expression that they don’t value the only vessel they’ll ever have in this life?</div>
<div class="class39">If a person is constantly playing video games, watching pornography, or trolling on social media, what does choosing to engage full-time in such low-value entertainment options say about their self-esteem? If for one day they were to play host to an important guest — say a successful person they admire — would they entertain their guest in the same way?</div>
<div class="class39">If a person is spending money they don’t have and never saving even a penny, how much respect do they have for their own well-being, knowing that financial emergencies <span class="class8960">do</span>
 happen and that, without savings, they can be some of the most stressful events in life?</div>
<div class="class39">Consider your actions and ask yourself what they express. Do you treat yourself well or are most of your actions things you would never do to a dear friend of yours?</div>
</body>
</html>
