<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0287</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc326_Day_283__On_Being_Hungry" class="class31">Day 283: On Being Hungr<span id="page_534"></span>
y</div>
<div class="class514">Stay hungry. Be hungry for success, hungry to make your mark, hungry to be seen and to be heard and to have an effect. And as you move up and become successful, make sure also to be hungry for helping others. Don’t rest on your laurels.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Arnold Schwarzenegger</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9191"></span>
<a href="part0656.xhtml" class="class8951">282</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">One of the biggest dangers of success is that when people achieve it, they frequently lose the hunger that has led them to demonstrate the incredible amounts of willpower and determination it took to make their dreams come true. As a result, they run a huge risk of losing the success they’ve worked so hard to achieve.</div>
<div class="class39">If you don’t want to be like those people, once you’re done celebrating your success, find another source of hunger that will make you pursue new challenges and continue to grow. Set bigger goals, or find a deeper meaning behind your actions. Discover a new itch to scratch, to keep yourself always learning more.</div>
<div class="class39">Note that always searching for a new source of hunger doesn’t mean that you can’t ever be content with what you have. It’s not about constantly chasing the carrot, dissatisfied with what you have. It’s about making your life ever so much larger, while being appreciative and protective of what you have.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I’m extremely grateful for my successes in the self-publishing world — and for people like you reading my books — and precisely because of that, I still push myself. I know that it’s only through constant effort and through producing new works that I can reach even more people and achieve new goals. Writing new <span id="page_535"></span>
books protects my success and lets me grow as a writer, constantly taking things to the next level. Should my hunger for writing disappear one day, I’ll find a new reason to be hungry in a different area.</div>
<div class="class39">Don’t let comfort persuade you that challenges aren’t important in life. When there’s nothing difficult that you’re striving to achieve, you will eventually lose your hard-earned achievements, habits, and traits — and along with it, the comfort that you’re now enjoying.</div>
</body>
</html>
