<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0159</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_307">
<div id="toc179_WEEK_23" class="class510">WEEK 23</div>
<div id="toc180_Day_155__On_Broadening_Your_Horizons" class="class512">Day 155: On Broadening Your Horizons</div>
<div class="class514">What do you know of history, biology, evolution, ethics, and the thousand and one branches of knowledge? “But,” you object, “I fail to see how such things can aid me in the writing of a romance or a poem.” Ah, but they will — not so much directly as by subtle reaction. They broaden your thought, lengthen out your vistas, drive back the bounds of the field in which you work. They give you your philosophy, which is like unto no other man’s philosophy, force you to original thought.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Jack London</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9541"></span>
<a href="part0524.xhtml" class="class8951">150</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Jack London’s advice is for writers who want to improve their craft, but it can also apply to any other domain. Expanding your knowledge and exposing yourself to different disciplines is not only a fantastic way to become a more educated person, but also a powerful way to become more successful.</div>
<div class="class39">Random bits of information from one domain can help you achieve success in another. Likewise, experience gained in one field can provide the foundation for another endeavor.</div>
<div class="class39">I’m an inquisitive person by nature and I’m always interested in learning about new things from various domains. I often randomly stumble upon powerful life lessons while learning about fields that are completely unrelated to personal development<span id="page_308"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, rock climbing has taught me the value of taking things one step at a time. When climbing a difficult route, you focus only on the next handhold or foothold. You slowly advance, with your vision limited to the immediate surroundings. The same approach is effective when working on your goals — instead of worrying whether you get to the top, you focus on what’s right in front of you.</div>
<div class="class39">The experience and skills I gained when climbing are now useful to me in every other sport, and thanks to that, I can learn them more quickly.</div>
<div class="class39">On a completely unrelated note, the experience of off-road driving has taught me the power of momentum. It’s difficult to gain traction with nothing but sand under your wheels, but once you start, you can traverse difficult terrain. If you stop, it will be hard to start yet again. I don’t think I need to tell you how much that applies to the world of personal development.</div>
<div class="class39">Draw parallels between different fields and strive to always expand your knowledge. Becoming erudite can dramatically improve your ability to learn quickly and achieve success with many different endeavors.</div>
</body>
</html>
