<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0176</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8725" class="class31">Day 172: On Having More Than One Identit<span id="page_336"></span>
y</div>
<div class="class514">Those who gain their sense of identity from many areas are more resilient when failing in any one area. For example, a professional tennis player is more likely to be upset by losing a match than is an amateur player for whom tennis is only one of many activities in the week.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Neil Fiore</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9560"></span>
<a href="part0542.xhtml" class="class8951">168</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">If you define yourself by only one role — an entrepreneur, a surfer, a writer, or a pianist — your self-image might be heavily dependent on your performance in this role. This can make you incapable of effectively processing big failures in that area.</div>
<div class="class39">For this reason, it’s good to define yourself by at least several roles. Then, even when you fail in one domain, there will still be other areas in which your performance might still inspire hope and help you recover from the failure in that other thing.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, if I have a bad day when rock climbing, it won’t affect my well-being very much if I’m still doing well as a writer or have recently improved my language skills or strengthened a key relationship. If I considered myself exclusively a rock climber, each failure would crush me.</div>
<div class="class39">How many roles do you have? How many of them affect your self-image? If you have only one or two defining roles, consider adding an additional identity or two. That way, you’ll disperse any <span id="page_337"></span>
negative emotions over several domains and improve your ability to quickly bounce back from any failure in one of them.</div>
</body>
</html>
