<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0099</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8637" class="class31">Day 95: On Early-morning <span id="page_202"></span>
Workouts</div>
<div class="class514">I learned the advantage of training early, before the day starts, when there are no other responsibilities and nobody else is asking anything of you.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Arnold Schwarzenegger</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9435"></span>
<a href="part0464.xhtml" class="class8951">90</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">There’s a reason why so many successful people wake up early: early mornings tend to be free of distractions — people asking things of you, emergencies you need to tend to, and dozens of obligations you need to fulfill. By the time other people are awake, the early risers have accomplished more than the rest will accomplish during their entire workday.</div>
<div class="class39">One of the best ways to start a day is with exercise. For one, exercising in the morning means that you’ll always have time to perform this crucial habit. Leaving exercise for the evening carries the risk of skipping it because of tiredness or other pressing things that require your attention.</div>
<div class="class39">Second, exercising in the morning sets a powerful example for the rest of the day: you start the day with a conscious decision to do something that requires self-control and dedication. The way you start your day is usually the way the entire day unfolds.</div>
<div class="class39">Last but not least, training early is usually most effective because that’s when you have the most energy. It’s hard to have the <span id="page_203"></span>
same reserves of willpower and stamina in the evening, after you’ve depleted a lot of your mental energy on other things.</div>
<div class="class39">If possible, try to include exercise in your morning routine. It doesn’t have to be an entire workout if for some reason you need to have your workout in the evening. Even just a few reps of some simple exercises, some stretching or a quick walk around the block can provide benefits and start your day on the right note.</div>
</body>
</html>
