<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0201</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_381">
<div id="toc227_WEEK_29" class="class510">WEEK 29</div>
<div id="toc228_Day_197__On_Eliminating_a_Negative_Attitude" class="class512">Day 197: On Eliminating a Negative Attitude</div>
<div class="class514">I will eliminate hatred, envy, jealousy, selfishness, and cynicism, by developing love for all humanity, because I know that a negative attitude toward others can never bring me success.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Napoleon Hill</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9284"></span>
<a href="part0569.xhtml" class="class8951">195</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">All but a few enlightened individuals engage at least periodically in behaviors and emotions like hatred, sarcasm, envy, jealousy, selfishness, miserliness, cynicism, or indifference.</div>
<div class="class39">Fighting against those emotions is a battle that never ends, because no matter how self-disciplined you are, those behaviors are often impulses appearing out of the blue. What you <span class="class8960">can</span>
 do is to be vigilant for them and whenever they appear, instead of letting them linger in your head, replace them with the opposite thought or regard them as mere useless distractions.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s important to note that you need to see the pleasure you get out of engaging in negative emotions and behaviors as the worst type of instant gratification.</div>
<div class="class39">Yes, in some twisted way it’s pleasant to hate somebody, use sarcasm to hurt them, or be indifferent. However, if you engage in those behaviors without any restraint, you’re training yourself to not control your impulses. Is this something that will help you exhibit <span id="page_382"></span>
self-discipline in other areas of your life or will it hurt your efforts to do so?</div>
</body>
</html>
