<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0332</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8903" class="class31">Day 328: On Ange<span id="page_616"></span>
r</div>
<div class="class514">If you don’t want to be cantankerous, don’t feed your temper, or multiply incidents of anger. Suppress the first impulse to be angry, then begin to count the days on which you don’t get mad.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Epictetus</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9167"></span>
<a href="part0703.xhtml" class="class8951">329</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Anger — or any other emotion that leads to impulsive decisions that you later regret — is an enemy of self-discipline. While it’s not always possible to catch yourself feeling angry before it converts into a full-blown attack of rage, whenever you can, act quickly and suppress the anger instead of feeding it. Anger that compounds on itself will quickly take away any remnants of self-control that you may have.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, when I’m stuck in a traffic jam, annoyed at other drivers or at the traffic lights seeming to take hours to change, I try to redirect my growing anger into another emotion, stop myself from cursing, or at least try to curse in a humorous way that won’t feed my frustration. That way, I prevent my anger from taking control of the situation. It’s a simple technique, but don’t let it fool you — it’s one of the most effective strategies to overcome attacks of unnecessary anger.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to eliminate frequent attacks of anger from your life, begin counting the days on which you successfully suppress the first impulse to be angry. After a 7-day winning streak, you won’t want to lose all of your progress because of such a trivial thing as another driver driving too slowly or things temporarily not going your way<span id="page_617"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Will this strategy always work? Obviously not. Everyone gets angry from time to time. However, if you make a conscious effort not to feed your temper, you’ll reprogram your default behavior, greatly reduce the frequency of losing your temper, and gain better control over your emotional state.</div>
</body>
</html>
