<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0268</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_502">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8830" class="class31">Day 264: On Being Honest With Yourself About Your Feelings</div>
<div class="class514">Always be honest with yourself about how you are feeling, no matter what kinds of emotions might be building up inside of you. (...) Pretending to ourselves that we are not feeling something does not make that emotion disappear.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Nigel Cumberland</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9426"></span>
<a href="part0637.xhtml" class="class8951">263</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Pretending to yourself that you aren’t feeling a temptation to cheat on your diet, waste time instead of working, or vent your anger on somebody else doesn’t make those urges disappear. If anything, there’s a risk that those emotions will build up inside of you and explode one day. If there’s one characteristic thing about explosions, it’s that they’re uncontrollable.</div>
<div class="class39">Instead of denying those emotions, observe them and seek a different outlet. Perhaps you could vent in a different way without hurting anyone. Maybe you need to schedule a cheat meal and indulge a little to avoid an unplanned cheat week. It’s possible that you’re overworking yourself and the temptation to take it easy is in reality your body’s cry for help.</div>
<div class="class39">Be honest with yourself about your feelings, especially those that stand in direct opposition to what you want to achieve. Remain vigilant of them and manage them instead of denying that they exist, or one day those feelings might take control of you.</div>
</body>
</html>
