<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0153</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc173_Day_149__On_the_Weak_Point_in_Your_Armor" class="class31">Day 149: On the Weak Point in <span id="page_296"></span>
Your Armor</div>
<div class="class514">The individual can attain self-control in great things only through self-control in little things. He must study himself to discover what is the weak point in his armor, what is the element within him that ever keeps him from his fullest success. This is the characteristic upon which he should begin his exercise in self-control. Is it selfishness, vanity, cowardice, morbidness, temper, laziness, worry, mind-wandering, lack of purpose? — whatever form human weakness assumes in the masquerade of life he must discover.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—William George Jordan</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9663"></span>
<a href="part0518.xhtml" class="class8951">144</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Inspect your armor and find its weakest point, the common thread that leads you into most temptations or poses the biggest barrier to achieving your goals.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, in my case, one of my weakest points is patience. If I do something, I want to go all out and get results as quickly as possible. While it often serves as a strength, it’s also a common reason why I fail to achieve some of my goals.</div>
<div class="class39">I follow rigid routines and am sometimes so strict with myself that eventually I can no longer continue because I burn myself out. What follows is a full-blown cheat day (after following too strict of a diet), an inability to write (after writing too much for too long), or an injury (after exercising too hard).</div>
<div class="class39">My inability to be patient with the process was also one of the reasons why I failed to build a profitable business for several years. <span id="page_297"></span>
Instead of accepting the fact that all businesses need the owner’s undivided focus for a long period of time, I constantly launched one business after another, thinking each time that the new business model would surely provide a breakthrough.</div>
<div class="class39">Having discovered my weak point, when setting new goals I now focus on sustainability. I try to accept the fact that it’s better to take the longer path with fewer pitfalls than choose the quick route with a high chance of failure or delude myself by thinking that switching my strategy (for no reason) will lead to success.</div>
<div class="class39">What are your own weak points? How do they affect your goals and what can you do to fix those weaknesses, to prevent them from continuing to affect your life in a negative way?</div>
</body>
</html>
