<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0242</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_454">
<div id="toc274_Day_238__On_Dividing_Your_Life_into_10-Minute_Units" class="class31">Day 238: On Dividing Your Life into 10-Minute Units</div>
<div class="class514">You can do so much in ten minutes’ time. Ten minutes, once gone, are gone for good. Divide your life into 10-minute units and sacrifice as few of them as possible in meaningless activity.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Ingvar Kamprad</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9367"></span>
<a href="part0611.xhtml" class="class8951">237</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">No, there’s no need to divide your life into 10-minute units and behave like a robot for the rest of your life. However, Kamprad’s suggestion can be a valuable exercise in discovering how productive you can be if you develop better control of your schedule.</div>
<div class="class39">Conduct an experiment: for one day, track every single activity you engage in and how much time you spend on it. Jot down everything, including how much time it takes you to get out of bed, commute, cook, eat, how much time you spend on social media, how much time you spend on each specific task at work, etc. For your electronic life, you can use RescueTime, which is time management software that shows you how you spend your time on your devices.</div>
<div class="class39">Just one day of tracking your activity can give you an incredibly valuable insight into how many 10-minute periods are gone, wasted on meaningless activities.</div>
<div class="class39">As an additional exercise, choose a task — any important task you need to perform — and set a timer for 10 minutes. For the next ten minutes, act as if a huge meteor were to hit Earth and destroy everything on it if you failed to maintain 100% concentration<span id="page_455"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Even if you don’t finish the task, you’ll probably multiply your productivity by a factor of five or ten — and that will serve as a powerful reminder that you can push your limits if you’re only more diligent about your use of time.</div>
</body>
</html>
