<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0115</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc129_Day_111__On_Patience_With_Mindset_Changes" class="class31">Day 111: On Patience With Mindset Change<span id="page_232"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">Nothing important comes into being overnight; even grapes or figs need time to ripen. If you say that you want a fig now, I will tell you to be patient. First, you must allow the tree to flower, then put forth fruit; then you have to wait until the fruit is ripe. So if the fruit of a fig tree is not brought to maturity instantly or in an hour, how do you expect the human mind to come to fruition, so quickly and easily? </div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Epictetus</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9285"></span>
<a href="part0480.xhtml" class="class8951">106</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Here’s a rule everybody would be wise to remember: don’t expect to change the negative habits you’ve been engaging in for years over the course of a few days or even a few weeks. Mindset changes — in both positive and negative directions — take time to develop.</div>
<div class="class39">At the very least, it will take you months or even years to eradicate negative habits and traits from your life. Getting angry at the timeline is futile because you can’t change the past. All you can do now is do your best to stay faithful to your new resolutions and be patient.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re starting from zero, without a vice you first need to get rid of, it will obviously take you less time to acquire the virtue you’re seeking, as you don’t have to reverse the negative effects of the vice. Even so, it doesn’t mean that you’ll be able to implement a permanent change overnight<span id="page_233"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Just as it takes time for fruit to ripen, so it takes time for a mindset to mature. A new trait or habit only becomes firmly ingrained in your identity with the passage of time and a growing number of experiences that reinforce it.</div>
<div class="class39">Think of it as learning how to play basketball. No matter how much talent you have, you still need to take thousands upon thousands of shots to build muscle memory and develop a sixth sense for shooting the ball. Since you can’t shoot hoops 24/7, it usually takes years to become a great player, and there’s no way to shortcut the process.</div>
<div class="class39">Mindset changes are the same. One successful shot doesn’t make you a great basketball player. A consistent series of successful shots does — and for something to be considered consistent, it needs to be repeated over a long period of time.</div>
</body>
</html>
