<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0167</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_321">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8715" class="class31">Day 163: On Angry Comebacks</div>
<div class="class514">Never respond to an angry person with a fiery comeback, even if he deserves it... Don’t allow his anger to become your anger.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Bohdi Sanders</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9235"></span>
<a href="part0532.xhtml" class="class8951">158</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Anger is one of the most infectious emotions. When somebody attacks them verbally, for many people the urge to offer a nasty, angry comeback is so overpowering that they do it automatically. Before you know it, you’re engaged in a verbal fight. Working on controlling your anger can provide great benefits when it comes to strengthening your impulse control.</div>
<div class="class39">Every time somebody attacks you, resist the temptation to engage in a fight by either finding something funny about the situation, deflecting the attack (for example by thanking the attacker for expressing their opinion, which might then strike you as humorous), or if those are not possible, walking away from the situation.</div>
<div class="class39">Remember that in the grand scheme of things you gain nothing — and risk a lot — by responding with a fiery comeback. As good as venting feels at that moment, losing your temper is not worth it when you consider the potential longer-term cost, such as losing your job, your reputation, a key relationship, or even just ruining your mood for the entire day.</div>
<div class="class39">Refusing to respond with anger is a <span class="class8960">simple</span>
 exercise, but not <span class="class8960">easy</span>
. And that’s why, combined with the fact that most of us deal with aggressive people at least once a week, it can be a valuable <span id="page_322"></span>
opportunity for you to increase your self-control when interacting with others.</div>
<div class="class39">As a bonus quote for today, ponder the words of Hazrat Inayat Khan:</div>
<div class="class39">“Very often in everyday life one sees that by losing one’s temper with someone who has already lost his, one does not gain anything but only sets out upon the path of stupidity. He who has enough self-control to stand firm at the moment when the other person is in a temper, wins in the end. It is not he who has spoken a hundred words aloud who has won; it is he who has perhaps spoken only one word.”<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9059"></span>
<a href="part0533.xhtml" class="class9028">159</a>
<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
