<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0260</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_489">
<div id="toc295_Day_256__On_Taking_a_Real_Decision" class="class31">Day 256: On Taking a Real Decision</div>
<div class="class514">A real decision is measured by the fact that you’ve taken a new action. If there’s no action, you haven’t truly decided.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Tony Robbins</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9414"></span>
<a href="part0629.xhtml" class="class8951">255</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Here’s a simple rule: don’t conclude that a decision has been made until you’ve taken a real-world action that reflects it.</div>
<div class="class39">Examples:</div>
<div class="class39">If you decided to change your nutritional habits, no real decision has been made unless you physically get rid of junk food from your house and prepare a healthy meal.</div>
<div class="class39">If you decided to start saving money, you haven’t really decided unless you have put some savings in a saving jar or wired some money to a separate savings account.</div>
<div class="class39">If you decided to start a business, the decision will only become real when you start physically working on your product or service or you get busy selling it.</div>
<div class="class39">Don’t fall victim to the erroneous belief that making a decision is merely saying some words in your head. The decision only becomes real in the moment you take a real-world action and can no longer easily back out by pretending that you were just “thinking” about making a decision.</div>
</body>
</html>
