<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0048</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8579" class="class31">Day 44: On Optimis<span id="page_103"></span>
m</div>
<div class="class514">Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement; nothing can be done without hope.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Helen Keller</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9368"></span>
<a href="part0417.xhtml" class="class8951">43</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">A positive attitude is essential if you want to build self-discipline. What’s the point of denying yourself instant gratification if you don’t believe that you’ll get a greater compensation for it in the future?</div>
<div class="class39">If you suffer from pessimism, realize that along with improving your self-control, you’ll need to improve your ability to see the world in brighter colors. Three easy steps you can take today to become more optimistic include:</div>
<div class="class39">1. Express gratitude for what you already have. If you can’t be happy with what you have today, you won’t be happy with what you have tomorrow.</div>
<div class="class39">2. Reframe negative events into opportunities and lessons. An event is bad for you only if you decide it is. Think of it as a lesson or an opportunity to change your life, in order to give it a positive meaning.</div>
<div class="class39">3. Surround yourself with positive input. If you only read fear-mongering news and hang out with pessimistic grumblers, you’ll have a hard time exhibiting optimism.</div>
</body>
</html>
