<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0303</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8870" class="class31">Day 299: On Generalization<span id="page_564"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">I often wonder why the whole world is so prone to generalise. Generalisations are seldom if ever true and are usually utterly inaccurate.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Agatha Christie</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9204"></span>
<a href="part0671.xhtml" class="class8951">297</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Generalizations demonstrate lazy thinking, and lazy thinking is one trait that you most certainly don’t want to have if you want to improve your self-discipline.</div>
<div class="class39">Resist the temptation to categorize everyone and everything. Acknowledge that — besides black and white — there are all kinds of shades of gray.</div>
<div class="class39">One of the most dangerous types of generalizations is assuming that a frequently repeated opinion is a fact. Examples include:</div>
<div class="class39">1. Every salesman is a liar wanting to make as much money as they can on every sale. If that’s the generalization you believe, how effective will you be at selling your own services or yourself to a potential employer?</div>
<div class="class39">2. All men/women are horrible people. Good luck developing happy relationships with people if you categorize every member of the opposite sex as a horrible person.</div>
<div class="class39">3. All successful people got lucky. If that’s what you believe, do you think it’s possible you’ll ever achieve success?</div>
<div class="class39">4. The only way to become properly educated is to go to college, and (what usually follows that generalization) your education ends <span id="page_565"></span>
the moment you graduate. Without lifelong learning, achieving and maintaining success will be a tricky proposition.</div>
<div class="class39">5. You need to be white/wake up early/start a business/be rich/live in the United States/be male/fill in the blank to become successful. Be cautious not to equate success with a single trait or habit. Warren Buffet drinks five cans of Coke every day.<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9482"></span>
<a href="part0672.xhtml" class="class9028">298</a>
 Does it mean that drinking Coke leads to success and longevity?</div>
<div class="class39">Catch yourself whenever you proclaim generalizations that masquerade as facts. Unless you can state beyond a reasonable doubt that everything or everyone is the way you describe it (and it takes only one thing or person to prove otherwise), you’re only voicing an opinion.</div>
</body>
</html>
