<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0358</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8933" class="class31">Day 354: On Focusing on the Good Thing<span id="page_657"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">I think it’s almost an indulgence to focus on the dark side of things. And as you get older, you want to focus on the positive.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Rob Brydon</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9067"></span>
<a href="part0728.xhtml" class="class8951">354</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">On several occasions, we have talked about cultivating positive emotions when things go bad. I argued that focusing on the bad things is an act of mental laziness because they’re easier to access than the positive ones. Today I’d like to talk about this topic yet again, this time by looking at it as a new habit to instill.</div>
<div class="class39">As people get older, they tend to focus more on the dark side of things. Perhaps it’s because they’ve experienced more things, suffered more failures, or were let down by more people. Whatever the reason, if you want to remain a happy and successful person, grumbling is not the way to go.</div>
<div class="class39">If by default you focus on the dark side, it’s time to develop a new habit: whenever you catch yourself focusing on the dark side of things, come up with one good thing about the situation and focus on that thought instead. Keep your mouth shut if you want to voice a complaint.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, if you’re out enjoying a walk with a friend and it’s starting to rain, resist the temptation to complain about the bad weather. Instead, say (for example) that it’s nice to take a walk despite the rain because there are fewer people around, or redirect <span id="page_658"></span>
your attention to something else, such as your friend’s recent success.</div>
<div class="class39">Exhibiting a positive attitude takes work, but it’s work that is well worth the effort. Strive to focus on the positive and train yourself to always find something good, even in the worst circumstances. You’ll get better at controlling your thoughts and become more optimistic and resilient.</div>
</body>
</html>
