<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0139</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_271">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8683" class="class31">Day 135: On Staying in Love With Your Goals</div>
<div class="class514">Skipping around from one kind of pursuit to another: grit is about working on something you care about so much that you’re willing to stay loyal to it. Not just falling in love — staying in love.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Angela Duckworth</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9122"></span>
<a href="part0503.xhtml" class="class8951">129</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">It’s easy to fall in love, but hard to stay in love, particularly when the waters get rough. It takes constant recommitment, sacrifice, and a willingness to deeply care for what you already have. In a sense, falling in love is like immediate gratification, giving you butterflies and all that jazz without any unpleasantries, while staying in love (although it’s rewarding in the long run) is sometimes an act of sacrifice that requires a great deal of self-control.</div>
<div class="class39">When you set your goals, do you tend to stick to them for the long haul, or do you let the temptation to change things decide for you?</div>
<div class="class39">If you constantly jump from one thing to another, perhaps you don’t care about your goals enough to stay loyal to them. Ask yourself if that’s the case, and if so, how you can find new, stronger motivators or if perhaps you should give up altogether.</div>
<div class="class39">If it happens with every objective of yours, even when you deeply care about it (like it was for me when I was constantly launching one business after another), it’s probably not a question of <span id="page_272"></span>
not caring enough, but about a failure to exert self-control when faced with the shiny object syndrome.</div>
<div class="class39">The shiny object syndrome is the inability to maintain focus on one thing, mistakenly believing that the grass is greener on the other side. Instead of investing all of your resources in just one thing (for example, a specific relationship, business, diet, etc.), you constantly replace the thing you have now with something else, just because it’s new and shiny. What you fail to realize, though, is that by constantly “upgrading,” you never get to build something that lasts, so you fail to achieve your long-term goals.</div>
<div class="class39">The next time you find yourself researching a new diet, workout plan, business model, way to save money, technique to stay productive, and so on, remind yourself that unless your approach is clearly not working at all (and for that, you need to stick to it in the long term), all you’re doing is falling under the spell of instant gratification that will endanger your long-term goal .</div>
</body>
</html>
