<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0064</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_133">
<div id="toc71_Day_60__On_Pressing_On" class="class31">Day 60: On Pressing On</div>
<div class="class514">Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination are omnipotent. The slogan “press on” has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race.</div>
<div class="class675">—Calvin Coolidge</div>
<div class="class39">When in doubt, press on. It sounds obvious and trite, yet the simple fact of life that people who are persistent are usually more successful than less-determined geniuses often escapes us. Time heals all wounds, and time — or rather, persistence that is exercised over a long period of time — also leads to success.</div>
<div class="class39">In the world of self-publishing, many authors are extremely talented, but they fail to achieve success because they give up after releasing one or two flops. Meanwhile, the ones who initially lack writing skills or formal education but keep on going, writing one book after another until one finally succeeds, are the ones who occupy the bestseller lists.</div>
<div class="class39">People who can speak foreign languages aren’t born with a gene that allows them to acquire them quickly. Most of them aren’t smarter than you or me, yet they manage to master several languages, including the ones that are thought to be almost impossible to learn by a foreigner. Their secret lies in persistence. If you learn 10 new words a day, you learn 3650 words a year. Consequently, within a few years you’ll possess an extensive <span id="page_134"></span>
vocabulary — all thanks to a small, daily time investment that doesn’t require any special talents or being a genius.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re currently struggling with your goal, remind yourself that even if you feel like you’re lost in a maze, pressing on will eventually help you reach your destination and in many cases, it’s the only thing that separates the winners from the losers.</div>
</body>
</html>
