<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0173</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_331">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8721" class="class510">WEEK 25</div>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8722" class="class512">Day 169: On Stopping at the Right Moment to Help You Tomorrow</div>
<div class="class514">The best way is always to stop when you are going good and when you know what will happen next. If you do that every day when you are writing a novel you will never be stuck. That is the most valuable thing I can tell you so try to remember it.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Ernest Hemingway</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9110"></span>
<a href="part0539.xhtml" class="class8951">165</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">One simple trick a writer can use to help him or her resume writing the next day is to stop in the middle of a sentence that leads to a clear conclusion. This way, when they sit down to write the next time, there won’t be any writer’s block: they can gain momentum right away by finishing the sentence.</div>
<div class="class39">This advice can be helpful for non-writers, too.</div>
<div class="class39">Each day when you’re finishing your work, leave an easy, unimportant task half-finished so that you can immediately begin to work on it the next day with little to no resistance.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re reading a book about an important skill you want to learn, stop in the middle of an easy chapter, not a difficult one.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to improve your nutritional habits but your busyness often leads you to eat less than healthy breakfasts, prepare a small, healthy breakfast the evening before.</div>
<div class="class39">Make it easy for you to resume your activity the next day, and you’ll rarely, if ever, struggle to get started.</div>
</body>
</html>
