<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0007</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_33">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8532" class="class31">Day 3: On Being a Human</div>
<div class="class514">Willpower is what separates us from the animals. It’s the capacity to restrain our impulses, resist temptation — do what’s right and good for us in the long run, not what we want to do right now. It’s central, in fact, to civilization.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Roy Baumeister</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9458"></span>
<a href="part0377.xhtml" class="class8951">3</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Humans have the capacity to act against their urges in exchange for a better future. Unfortunately, many people live by the principle of “if it feels good, do it, and if it doesn’t, don’t do it.”</div>
<div class="class39">Caving in to your temptations whenever you feel them emerge is like relinquishing your humanity, in a way. As an intelligent human being, you have an ability — and I daresay an <span class="class8960">obligation</span>
 — to make decisions that are based on rational thinking, not on your instincts alone.</div>
<div class="class39">Strive to be a better human and embrace your humanity by exercising your “willpower muscle,” instead of succumbing to your most primal (and least helpful for your long-term goals) part of the brain. Your most primal instincts may provide temporary comfort, but seldom are good for the long term, except when there is a direct threat to your survival.</div>
</body>
</html>
