<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0060</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_124">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8592" class="class31">Day 56: On Thinking You Can</div>
<div class="class514">If you think you are beaten, you are;</div>
<div class="class864">If you think you dare not, you don’t.</div>
<div class="class864">If you’d like to win, but think you can’t,</div>
<div class="class864">It’s almost certain you won’t.</div>
<div class="class864">If you think you’ll lose, you’re lost,</div>
<div class="class864">For out in the world we find</div>
<div class="class864">Success begins with a fellow’s will.</div>
<div class="class864">It’s all in the state of mind.</div>
<div class="class864">If you think you’re outclassed, you are;</div>
<div class="class864">You’ve got to think high to rise.</div>
<div class="class864">You’ve got to be sure of yourself before</div>
<div class="class864">You can ever win a prize.</div>
<div class="class864">Life’s battles don’t always go</div>
<div class="class864">To the stronger or faster man.</div>
<div class="class864">But soon or late the man who wins</div>
<div class="class864">Is the one who thinks he can.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Walter D. Wintle</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9572"></span>
<a href="part0427.xhtml" class="class8951">53</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">We often limit ourselves because we don’t think we can achieve something. Today it may be hard for you to imagine that you can live without dessert or that you can live below your means. It doesn’t mean it’s impossible, though; it’s only your subjective <span class="class8960">opinion</span>
, not a fact of life<span id="page_125"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Moreover, thinking that you’re unlikely to win means that you’ll put in less effort than you could. Why would you work your fingers to the bone if you were uncertain of success?</div>
<div class="class39">Rock climbing has made it particularly clear to me. When you approach the route thinking that it’s beyond your abilities, you won’t do your best. After all, why try your best if you know that you aren’t going to climb it anyway?</div>
<div class="class39">You’ll most likely give up when you encounter the first obstacle, while a person thinking they <span class="class8960">can</span>
 climb it will fight as hard as they can to keep climbing. In the end, the person that doesn’t believe in their abilities will give up along the way while the person that is certain of their abilities will reach the top.</div>
<div class="class39">Periodically try things that you think are outside of your ability with a positive attitude and the belief that you can succeed. Chances are you’ll get a positive surprise and achieve something you thought was beyond your reach.</div>
</body>
</html>
