<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0025</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_62">
<div id="toc26_Day_21__On_the_Importance_of_Habits" class="class31">Day 21: On the Importance of Habits</div>
<div class="class514">Success is actually a short race — a sprint fueled by discipline just long enough for habit to kick in and take over.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Gary Keller</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9576"></span>
<a href="part0394.xhtml" class="class8951">20</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Habits are like magical powers. The moment they kick in, you no longer need more than perhaps a modicum of self-discipline every now and then to continue performing the same action on a regular basis. What originally was extremely difficult to do is now something you largely do automatically, with little thought or willpower.</div>
<div class="class39">When something becomes a part of your routine, resistance drops to nearly zero. The challenging part is forming a new habit. Research suggests that it takes anywhere from 18 to 254 days<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9456"></span>
<a href="part0395.xhtml" class="class9028">21</a>
 to form a new habit, with 66 days being the average time (not 21 days, as the common knowledge goes).</div>
<div class="class39">When working on your goals, remind yourself that it’s the first months that will be the hardest. Once the proper habits kick in, things will get easier.</div>
<div class="class39">Remember that in the long term, only habits — and their subsequent permanent changes in lifestyle and identity— can ensure lasting success. Consequently, it’s key to think in terms of lifelong routines<span id="page_63"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">As long as you’re jumping from one two-week diet to another instead of establishing new nutritional habits, you’re destined to regain weight. As long as you’re switching between different six-week workout programs to lose some weight — and not thinking of exercise as a permanent part of your weekly routine — sooner or later, you’ll revert to inactivity.</div>
<div class="class39">Analyze your goals and assess whether your plans employ self-discipline to help you build a habit or if you’re using self-control as a means of <span class="class8960">temporarily</span>
 sustaining an impermanent change.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
