<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0155</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc175_Day_151__On_Changing_Your_Character" class="class31">Day 151: On Changing Your <span id="page_300"></span>
Character</div>
<div class="class514">If you make disciplined, caring choices, you are slowly engraving certain tendencies into your mind. You are making it more likely that you will desire the right things and execute the right actions. If you make selfish, cruel, or disorganized choices, then you are slowly turning this core thing inside yourself into something that is degraded, inconstant, or fragmented.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—David Brooks</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9389"></span>
<a href="part0520.xhtml" class="class8951">146</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">If you currently don’t see yourself as a self-disciplined person and your desires and actions prioritize instant gratification over sacrifices that lead to bigger rewards in the future, you may feel as if there’s no way you’ll ever change. After all, it’s been your way of doing things for a long time, and it’s probably already part of your nature now.</div>
<div class="class39">Fortunately, while your character takes time to change, it <span class="class8960">is</span>
 possible to change it — with thousands of little decisions and by embracing certain thoughts over others.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, today you may not have a tendency to desire healthy food, but rest assured that if you eat it for long enough, you <span class="class8960">will</span>
 develop a desire for it.</div>
<div class="class39">I’m speaking from my own experience; initially I couldn’t stand the taste of many vegetables, such as broccoli, Brussels sprouts, or cauliflower. As for the other vegetables, I was neutral about most of them, which meant that — given a choice between eating vegetables <span id="page_301"></span>
and something else, I’d go for something else. Today, I often crave vegetables. I no longer need to force myself to eat them. A tendency to consume them regularly is now a part of my character.</div>
<div class="class39">This little example is only one change that was engraved in my mind after making disciplined choices over and over again. No matter which area of your life you are talking about, what now feels like a difficult act of deprivation or a sacrifice will eventually turn into something you consider essential in your life.</div>
</body>
</html>
