<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0175</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8724" class="class31">Day 171: On Stres<span id="page_334"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">Stress — including negative emotions like anger, sadness, self-doubt, and anxiety — shifts the brain into a reward-seeking state. You end up craving whatever substance or activity your brain associates with the promise of reward, and you become convinced that the “reward” is the only way to feel better.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Kelly McGonigal</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9170"></span>
<a href="part0541.xhtml" class="class8951">167</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">There are two types of stress: <span class="class8960">distress</span>
, which is negative stress in the common usage of this word, and <span class="class8960">eustress</span>
, the good type of stress in which you respond to stress with healthy, positive feelings (for example, during an athletic competition or riding a roller coaster).</div>
<div class="class39">Distress, and particularly chronic distress, is one of the biggest enemies of willpower. When you’re under stress, your ability to withstand pressure diminishes. This means that you can no longer exhibit the same kind of mental toughness and self-discipline as when you’re your normal self. It’s like expecting your car (you) to have the same acceleration when there’s a semi-truck (stress) attached to it.</div>
<div class="class39">As Kelly McGonigal notes, stress puts you into a reward-seeking state where your priority ceases to be about personal growth (such as overcoming a temptation), and becomes all about gaining comfort, often at the expense of your long-term goals. And it makes a lot of sense: why would a person who’s stressed out seek more stressors?</div>
<div class="class39">Chronically elevated levels of stress will not only have a negative effect on your health and well-being, but also on your entire life. If you often get stressed, make it your priority to relax daily, <span id="page_335"></span>
even if it’s just five minutes of cuddling with your partner, reading a book, or taking a short walk.</div>
<div class="class39">In addition to that, avoid setting any new challenges for your willpower and conserve your energy when you’re going through a tough period. It’s better to deal with the stress first and then (having recovered) focus on personal growth yet again, than it is to put too much burden on your shoulders and collapse under the weight.</div>
</body>
</html>
