<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0006</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8531" class="class31">Day 2: On Your Choice<span id="page_32"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">Your choices are made in a moment, but their consequences will transcend a lifetime.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—MJ DeMarco</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9255"></span>
<a href="part0376.xhtml" class="class8951">2</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Eat this greasy, high-calorie hamburger or prepare a healthy salad? Sleep in and barely get to work on time or wake up at 5 a.m. to work on your side business before going to work at your day job? Stop trying the moment you get rejected or swallow your pride and keep going, despite hearing “no” dozens of times?</div>
<div class="class39">It takes only a moment to make the wrong choice and jeopardize your future. What feels like an insignificant decision today can have a great, lasting impact on your future.</div>
<div class="class39">Each choice sets a precedent — and when you make the same wrong choice several times in a row, it becomes your standard <span class="class8960">modus operandi</span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">While one hamburger every now and then isn’t likely to ruin your overall efforts to lose weight, underestimating the impact of <span class="class8960">repeatedly</span>
 making the wrong choice can profoundly affect you over the course of the rest of your life.</div>
<div class="class39">Each time you’re faced with a decision between exerting self-discipline and taking it easy, remind yourself that the choice you’re making today doesn’t affect the present moment alone. A momentary decision can (and often will) reverberate for many years or even decades into the future.</div>
</body>
</html>
