<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0104</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_211">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8643" class="class31">Day 100: On Being a Leader</div>
<div class="class514">If you wish to control others you must first control yourself.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Miyamoto Musashi</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9073"></span>
<a href="part0469.xhtml" class="class8951">95</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">One good way to boost your willpower when you’re struggling to maintain it is to remind yourself of the benefits of self-control. In other words, give yourself an answer as to why you should resist yet another temptation and stay self-disciplined. Failing to find a good answer will make you succumb to the urge, so it’s useful to know as many practical benefits of self-discipline as possible.</div>
<div class="class39">One overlooked benefit of self-control — or a big weakness in a person who lacks it — is that leadership is impossible without it. If you demand self-discipline from others, you should first have it yourself. Otherwise, you’ll lack the credibility that makes other people want to follow you.</div>
<div class="class39">This applies not only to the most common use of the word “leader” (such as a business leader), but also to any other role in which you’re responsible for the well-being of another person of a group of people — being a parent, being in a relationship, being a part of a local community, etc.</div>
<div class="class39">Whenever you’re struggling to stay disciplined, think of people whom you consider your loyal “followers,” whether they’re your colleagues, your children, your friends, or your neighbors.</div>
<div class="class39">What would they think of you — and would they still be willing to follow you — if they knew that you’d failed to embrace the <span id="page_212"></span>
quality that they admire in you so much that they consider you an important person in their lives?</div>
</body>
</html>
