<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0102</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc114_Day_98__On_Society__Not__Holding_You_Back" class="class31">Day 98: On Society (Not) Holding <span id="page_207"></span>
You Back</div>
<div class="class514">It’s not society that holds us back, it’s ourselves. We just blame society because not only is it easier but it’s a nearly impossible weight to move. This way, we don’t actually have to change.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Neil Strauss</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9671"></span>
<a href="part0467.xhtml" class="class8951">93</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">It’s easy to use society as a crutch.</div>
<div class="class39">“I can’t lose weight because there are billboards of fast food restaurants everywhere, and besides, I just got a free coupon for a burger.”</div>
<div class="class39">“I can’t become more productive because my colleagues laugh at me for making an effort, and besides, my boss won’t appreciate it anyway.”</div>
<div class="class39">“I can’t stay faithful to my significant other because dating apps make it so easy to meet sexy people.”</div>
<div class="class39">Is it the billboard, your colleagues, or dating apps that control your life? If so, is that really how you’d like to live — at the whim of advertisers, other people, or new technologies?</div>
<div class="class39">Every time you claim that it’s the surroundings that hold you back, ask yourself if it’s really your environment or perhaps it’s just an easy excuse for you to not act. And if you still think it’s your surroundings — because that <span class="class8960">might</span>
 be the case — then change them.</div>
<div class="class39">Nobody forces you to hang out with the same people, install a dating app, or drive by your favorite fast food joints. If your long-<span id="page_208"></span>
term goals are important to you, you can always consider moving to a place that will be more conducive to your personal growth.</div>
</body>
</html>
