<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0052</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_109">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8583" class="class31">Day 48: On the Deadening of the Soul</div>
<div class="class514">Most of us dread the deadening of the body and will do anything to avoid it. About the deadening of the soul, however, we don’t care one iota.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Epictetus</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9472"></span>
<a href="part0421.xhtml" class="class8951">47</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">It’s curious that millions of people all over the world spend countless amounts of money and time to improve their appearance through the use of cosmetics, plastic surgery, expensive clothes, supplements, and other treatments, but spend little to nothing on improving themselves on the inside.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s more important to avoid wrinkles than to prevent negative habits from forming. It’s a better investment to fix your sagging cheeks than to learn how to exercise restraint in unnecessary spending. Nobody will comment or even notice your deterioration of mental toughness and a growing preference for complacency over growth, but everybody will praise you for your new clothes. $10 for a book that can change your life is too expensive. $100 for another pair of jeans is a screaming deal.</div>
<div class="class39">Your spending habits — including spending in the monetary sense and the investment of energy or time — reveal your true priorities.</div>
<div class="class39">How much do you spend on your external appearance, and how much do you expend on developing your inner world? Is the <span id="page_110"></span>
proportion healthy, or do you find it hard to justify spending for personal growth, but never fail to invest in your superficial appearance?</div>
</body>
</html>
