<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0308</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8876" class="class31">Day 304: On the Unsexy Reality of <span id="page_573"></span>
Work</div>
<div class="class514">How much time can you spare each day? For that interval, close the door and — short of a family emergency or the outbreak of World War III — don’t let ANYBODY in. Keep working. Keep working. Keep working.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Steven Pressfield</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9519"></span>
<a href="part0678.xhtml" class="class8951">304</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Some people believe that super-productive individuals have some kind of a secret or a natural inborn talent that allows them to produce so much output. However, the reality is unsexy: all they do is put themselves in front of their computers (or whatever else they need to do their job), close the door, and work.</div>
<div class="class39">There are no miraculous solutions, no pills, frameworks, or blueprints that the most productive people have to be able to produce more than you do. When reading his masterpieces, it’s difficult to imagine Stephen King simply sitting in his room and tapping away on his keyboard, but that’s how his day-to-day life looks.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re unsure whether you’re doing it “right” because there’s nothing attractive nor particularly outstanding in how you perform your daily work, stop worrying; everyone else — including world-class performers — works in the exact same way. The only difference between you and them is that they have spent a bit more time than you have, working on their craft, but there’s a level playing field here that requires the same resources from every participant: self-discipline, persistence, and an unbreakable resolve.</div>
</body>
</html>
