<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0204</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_387">
<div id="toc231_Day_200__On_Fretting_About_Yesterday_s_Problems" class="class31">Day 200: On Fretting About Yesterday’s Problems</div>
<div class="class33">
<span class="class8960">“If a ship has been sunk,” Admiral King went on, “I can’t bring it up. If it is going to be sunk, I can’t stop it. I can use my time much better working on tomorrow’s problem than</span>
<br/>
</div>
<div class="class3233">by fretting about yesterday’s. Besides, if I let those things get me, I wouldn’t last long.”</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Dale Carnegie</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9636"></span>
<a href="part0572.xhtml" class="class8951">198</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">So many people waste time living in the past. They feel guilty because of the mistakes they made last year, regret not making a different decision last week, or wishing they could have somehow foreseen a failure five months ago.</div>
<div class="class39">What’s the point?</div>
<div class="class39">Like Admiral King says, if a ship has been sunk, it’s not like you can bring it up and set sail again. If you made a mistake, it’s not like you can undo it. You can fix some of its consequences, but you can’t turn back the clock. Likewise, you can’t change the decision you made a week ago; all you can do is make a different decision today. Nor can you foresee the future; all you can do is try to do your best and prepare for the worst.</div>
<div class="class39">Tap into your resources of willpower whenever you catch yourself fretting about yesterday’s problems. Instead of ruminating about them, think about what you can do today — right here and right now — to improve your life. Ultimately, the only control you <span id="page_388"></span>
have is over what you’re doing now, so make sure you’re making the right choices today.</div>
</body>
</html>
