<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0249</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_467">
<div id="toc282_Day_245__On_Following_or_Leaving_a_Path" class="class31">Day 245: On Following or Leaving a Path</div>
<div class="class514">Anything is one of a million paths. Therefore you must always keep in mind that a path is only a path; if you feel you should not follow it, you must not stay with it under any conditions. To have such clarity you must lead a disciplined life. Only then will you know that any path is only a path and there is no affront, to oneself or to others, in dropping it if that is what your heart tells you to do. But your decision to keep on the path or to leave it must be free of fear or ambition. I warn you. Look at every path closely and deliberately. Try it as many times as you think necessary.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Carlos Castañeda</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9039"></span>
<a href="part0618.xhtml" class="class8951">244</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">A path is a tool, and it’s only useful as long as it’s getting you closer to your goals. When it stops serving you, don’t feel obligated to follow it to the end or you might end up in the bushes, scratching your head while staring at your scraped knees.</div>
<div class="class39">The key to making an intelligent decision about whether to leave the path or continue following it is to make that decision when you’re free of negative feelings. People often give up their paths when they’re struggling, and while they’re in pain, they fail to notice there’s a reward waiting just around the corner.</div>
<div class="class39">Another danger is sticking to the same path out of ambition or ego. “I’ll see it through to the end,” an ambitious individual proclaims, while it’s clear that they should have changed the path a long time ago. They refuse to give up out of the fear of others <span id="page_468"></span>
laughing at them, or in fear of themselves coming to feel as if they had betrayed themselves.</div>
<div class="class39">I suggest periodically reviewing your path, but only after first ensuring that you’re in a neutral state of mind. Ask yourself if your strategy is still delivering results. Does it still feel right to you? Do you still see yourself following it for another month, quarter, or year? Paths, like any other tool, sometimes need to be changed.</div>
</body>
</html>
