<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0313</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_581">
<div id="toc355_WEEK_45" class="class510">WEEK 45</div>
<div id="toc356_Day_309__On_the_Matters_of_Right_and_Wrong" class="class512">Day 309: On the Matters of Right and Wrong</div>
<div class="class514">Right is right even if no one is doing it; wrong is wrong even if everyone is doing it.</div>
<div class="class675">—Augustine of Hippo</div>
<div class="class39">More than 70% of U.S. adults aged 20 and over are overweight or obese.<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9308"></span>
<a href="part0683.xhtml" class="class9028">309</a>
 Does that mean that it’s right to be obese?</div>
<div class="class39">On average, American adults are watching five hours and four minutes of television per day.<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9114"></span>
<a href="part0684.xhtml" class="class9028">310</a>
 Does that mean that it’s right to spend a third of your waking hours and well over a half of your leisure hours watching TV?</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re after self-improvement, you need to acknowledge that the right thing is right even when few people are doing it — and that no matter how many people are doing the wrong thing, it’s still wrong.</div>
<div class="class39">Don’t comfort yourself by saying that your negative habits aren’t <span class="class8960">that</span>
 negative because so many people engage in them. Even if everybody exhibits such behaviors, it doesn’t make them right.</div>
<div class="class39">Have the courage and self-discipline to resist the temptation to compare yourself to the majority. Instead, if you must compare yourself to anyone, compare yourself to the people you want to <span id="page_582"></span>
emulate, even if they’re but a speck in an infinite crowd of people who don’t care in the slightest about becoming better.</div>
</body>
</html>
