<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0018</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_53">
<div id="toc18_Day_14__On_Long-Term_Focus" class="class31">Day 14: On Long-Term Focus</div>
<div class="class514">In order to succeed, you must have a long-term focus. Most of the challenges in our lives come from a short-term focus.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Tony Robbins</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9533"></span>
<a href="part0387.xhtml" class="class8951">13</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">I spent several long years starting one business after another, deluding myself that it was possible to build a six-figure business in a few months. Each time I failed to reach this goal, I closed one business and started working on another. Sometimes I worked on two or three ideas at the same time, thinking that one of them would surely succeed.</div>
<div class="class39">I would have saved myself a lot of time if I had realized that I had a short-term focus and this attitude had been the very reason why I couldn’t accomplish my goals. The moment I switched my mindset to that of being in it for the long haul, things started falling into place.</div>
<div class="class39">When I look back at my other goals, I struggled in a similar way due to the same reason.</div>
<div class="class39">In fitness, I wanted to build a well-defined physique as quickly as possible. I frequently reduced my daily caloric intake to levels that were impossible to maintain over the long term. In the end, I would have accomplished my goals more quickly by taking a more sustainable approach that would take me a year or two to reach my goal than fooling myself I could reach it in two or three months.</div>
<div class="class39">In learning languages, I wanted to learn new words as quickly as possible and soon found myself discouraged from looking at even <span id="page_54"></span>
one more word. I wanted to learn a few dozen words a day, but in the end I would have accomplished more with a routine of learning just 5-10 words a day but maintained and used over years, not just weeks or months.</div>
<div class="class39">Analyze your goals and how you approach them. Replace short-term-oriented behaviors with those that show that you’re in it for the long haul. Self-discipline isn’t limited to rejecting a cake or sticking to an exercise habit; you also need self-discipline to maintain a long-term focus in all of your endeavors.</div>
</body>
</html>
