<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0238</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_447">
<div id="toc270_Day_234__On_Forgiving" class="class31">Day 234: On Forgiving</div>
<div class="class514">To err is human, to forgive, divine.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Alexander Pope</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8996"></span>
<a href="part0608.xhtml" class="class8951">234</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">What is a quote about forgiving doing in a book about self-discipline and success? The answer is simple: holding a grudge is like instant gratification. It gives you a little reward today at the expense of your future. Meanwhile, forgiving requires some sacrifice today, but eventually brings bigger benefits.</div>
<div class="class39">This means that the act of forgiving can serve as a valuable exercise in improving your self-control, particularly emotional control.</div>
<div class="class39">Engaging in negative emotions by staying angry at somebody who hurt you can give you some pleasure by satisfying your need for “fairness” in the world; expressing your dislike or anger is like punishing the one who erred.</div>
<div class="class39">However, in the long run, holding a grudge poisons only one person, and that person is you. Choosing to forgive — which doesn’t necessarily mean to <span class="class8960">forget</span>
 — is therefore an act of freeing yourself from pain.</div>
<div class="class39">Instead of being stuck in a negative emotional loop, you choose the temporary discomfort of making peace in exchange for the substantial long-term benefits of improved well-being.</div>
</body>
</html>
