<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0307</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_571">
<div id="toc349_Day_303__On_Buddha_s_Counsel" class="class31">Day 303: On Buddha’s Counsel</div>
<div class="class514">The Buddha also counseled the monks and nuns to avoid wasting any precious time by engaging in idle conversation, oversleeping, pursuing fame and recognition, chasing after desires, spending time with people of poor character, and being satisfied with only a shallow understanding of the teaching.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Thich Nhat Hanh</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9505"></span>
<a href="part0676.xhtml" class="class8951">302</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Buddha’s advice offers several interesting challenges you can dedicate yourself to in order to work on your self-discipline.</div>
<div class="class39">The first one is not engaging in idle conversation. Small talk might be useful to initiate a conversation, but the sooner you get to the business at hand, the more effective your communication will be. By “idle conversation,” we can also include gossip, criticizing others, or complaining, all of which are <span class="class8960">not</span>
 practices in which a disciplined person should engage.</div>
<div class="class39">The second suggestion is simple: avoid oversleeping. As long as you don’t need more sleep to recover from a difficult workout, illness, or any other similar situation, sleeping too much doesn’t deliver any benefits and, according to scientific research, might even hurt (in one study, sleeping too much was associated with psychiatric diseases and higher body mass index<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9617"></span>
<a href="part0677.xhtml" class="class9028">303</a>
).</div>
<div class="class39">The third suggestion advises against the pursuit of fame and recognition. Too often, people care too much about their status in other people’s eyes and neglect other, more important aspects of their lives, which may only be visible to themselves. Focus on <span id="page_572"></span>
becoming better, but not necessarily with the expectation that somebody will reward you for it.</div>
<div class="class39">The fourth recommendation is not to chase after desires. There’s not much to add here — this entire book is about learning how to control them and focus on something more important than your temporary urges.</div>
<div class="class39">The fifth piece of advice pertains to structuring your social life in a disciplined way. Spending time with people of poor character increases the risk that you’ll develop a poor character, too.</div>
<div class="class39">Lastly, Buddha reminds us not to be satisfied with only a shallow understanding of what we’re learning. This advice is particularly useful for students and virtually any person learning a new skill. Resist the temptation to learn just the bare minimum and only scratch the surface of the topic you’re learning before you leave it altogether. Use your willpower to make sure that you thoroughly understand the fundamentals and then proceed to more advanced concepts, so that you deepen your understanding of what you are seeking to learn.</div>
</body>
</html>
