<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0110</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_222">
<div id="toc123_WEEK_16" class="class510">WEEK 16</div>
<div id="toc124_Day_106__On_Valuing_Your_Own_Opinion" class="class512">Day 106: On Valuing Your Own Opinion</div>
<div class="class514">I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Marcus Aurelius</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9434"></span>
<a href="part0475.xhtml" class="class8951">101</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Publicly refusing instant gratification — such as ordering a salad when everybody around you orders a pizza — can result in criticism from other people. If you lack trust in yourself, this negative feedback can cause self-doubt and compromise your long-term goals.</div>
<div class="class39">As Marcus Aurelius points out, it’s a curious fact that even though we consider ourselves the most important people in our lives, we still often value the opinion of others more than our own.</div>
<div class="class39">Usually people who are the opposite of what you want to accomplish criticize you out of fear of being inferior to you. If you manage to reach success, what does it say about them? Consequently, even if they aren’t malicious by nature, you may sense resistance coming from their direction, often masquerading as good-hearted advice, but intended to make you conform to the status quo.</div>
<div class="class39">While I doubt that there is a foolproof way to stop valuing the opinion of others more than our own (and I doubt that it would be <span id="page_223"></span>
smart to assume that we know everything best) forever, there is a way to protect yourself from self-doubt upon hearing criticism.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s really quite simple. Whenever somebody criticizes your choices, ask yourself if they can serve as a model for you. If your overweight friend ridicules your resolution to stop eating fast food, is his or her opinion valuable for you? Does he or she set a positive example and have the credibility to change your mind? If not, why listen to him or her?</div>
</body>
</html>
