<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0022</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc23_Day_18__On_Higher_Standards" class="class31">Day 18: On Higher Standard<span id="page_58"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody else expects of you. Never excuse yourself. Never pity yourself. Be a hard master to yourself — and be lenient to everybody else.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Henry Ward Beecher</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9421"></span>
<a href="part0391.xhtml" class="class8951">17</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">The only standards that should concern you are your own standards. If you act in accordance with the standards of the majority of people, you’ll be overweight, unfit, unhealthy, lazy, hating your job, not having enough time for your family, and in debt.</div>
<div class="class39">I sometimes get flak for my goals. “You’re already slim. Why do you still watch your diet?” “Why do you save so much money? You should live it up!” “Can’t you live like a normal person, instead of waking up at 5 a.m. and going to sleep as early as 8 p.m.?”</div>
<div class="class39">By the standards of the person criticizing me, I should have stopped improving myself a long time ago. According to <span class="class8960">my</span>
 standards, the growth should never end. I always hold myself responsible for a higher standard, and this allows me to maintain success-friendly habits in my life and achieve even more success.</div>
<div class="class39">If you allow yourself to have low standards, how are you supposed to ever achieve excellence? Exhibiting self-control is one of the most powerful demonstrations of having high standards; letting fleeting emotions and urges control your life — as most people do — is a sure-fire path to mediocrity.</div>
</body>
</html>
