<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0109</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_220">
<div id="toc122_Day_105__On_Predicting_When_You_ll_Give_In" class="class31">Day 105: On Predicting When You’ll Give In</div>
<div class="class514">People who think they have the most willpower are actually the most likely to lose control when tempted. Why? They fail to predict when, where, and why they will give in.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Kelly McGonigal</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9221"></span>
<a href="part0474.xhtml" class="class8951">100</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">If you don’t know yourself well, you’ll struggle with building self-discipline because temptations will often catch you unprepared.</div>
<div class="class39">A key practice you should embrace in your everyday life is to make a note of when, where, and why you give in to temptations. This knowledge will help you structure your life in such a way that you’ll reduce the chances of a similar situation happening again or help you become prepared to overcome the urge when it arises again.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I know that when I take a nap during the day, I’ll most likely wake up hungry. I have no idea why; all I know is that if I fall asleep during the day, it’s almost guaranteed that I’ll wake up so hungry that I’ll have to eat something — and while it’s usually a piece of fruit and some nuts, often (in my still groggy state) I’ll overeat.</div>
<div class="class39">Consequently, whenever I feel tired and know that I’ll need to take a nap, I mentally prepare myself for the hunger when I wake up. If I can, I simply eat less prior to taking the nap so that when I wake up, I won’t eat more than my intended daily calorie ration. Alternatively, I try to set up a meeting with a friend so that when I <span id="page_221"></span>
wake up, I’ll immediately have to leave, with no time to spare for a visit to the pantry.</div>
<div class="class39">Think of some of your most common slip-ups and figure out when, where, and why they happen. What can you do when you’re most likely to give in to the temptation? What can you do to avoid visiting the venue where they’re most likely to happen? Why do you think you’re succumbing to this temptation and is there any other way in which you can address the need this temptation fulfills, without actually giving in to it?</div>
</body>
</html>
