<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0273</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8836" class="class31">Day 269: On Stretchin<span id="page_510"></span>
g</div>
<div class="class514">The benefits of stretching are enormous. Stretching can increase your strength by 10%. It is a lot. The man [Russian Master of Sports Alexander Faleev] explains that “when you lift a weight your muscles contract. And after the workout the muscles remain contracted for some time. The following restoration of the muscles’ length is what recovery is. Until the muscle has restored its length, it has not recovered. Hence he who does not stretch his muscles slows down the recuperation process and retards his gains.” Besides, tension and relaxation are two sides of the same coin, “if the muscle forgets how to lengthen, it will contract more poorly. And that is stagnation of strength.”</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Pavel Tsatsouline</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9550"></span>
<a href="part0642.xhtml" class="class8951">268</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Here’s your willpower exercise for the week: stretching. Stretching isn’t only great for your physical health; since it’s generally uncomfortable but provides long-term benefits, it’s also great for your self-discipline.</div>
<div class="class39">I strongly suggest always beginning a workout with dynamic stretches (short stretches, usually with some kind of a dynamic motion) and concluding each training with static stretching (holding a stretch for a longer period of time, usually at least 15–30 seconds).</div>
<div class="class39">Static stretching is better for exercising your willpower because that’s where you actually need to hold a stretch and keep at it, even though it’s uncomfortable.</div>
<div class="class39">5-10 minutes of stretching a few times a week, focused particularly on the tightest areas (probably your hips, lower back and hamstrings) is a good target. If you don’t know how to stretch, a <span id="page_511"></span>
quick search on YouTube will yield plenty of detailed video tutorials.</div>
</body>
</html>
