<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0059</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8591" class="class31">Day 55: On Bearing Misfortunes Nobl<span id="page_122"></span>
y</div>
<div class="class514">Remember too on every occasion which leads thee to vexation to apply this principle: not that this is a misfortune, but that to bear it nobly is good fortune.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Marcus Aurelius</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9357"></span>
<a href="part0426.xhtml" class="class8951">52</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Hardships are a part of life and while nobody (with the exception of masochists) enjoys pain, they can be valuable because they present an opportunity for personal growth.</div>
<div class="class39">I like to say that you discover how deep your self-discipline goes when you struggle, and not when everything goes well.</div>
<div class="class39">You aren’t self-disciplined because you worked hard when you were fired up to work. You’re self-disciplined when you <span class="class8960">continue</span>
 to work hard when the last thing you want to do is work.</div>
<div class="class39">You aren’t self-disciplined because you can’t afford candy, so you don’t eat it. You exhibit self-control when you deny the treats that are offered freely to you, for example when you’re at a party with a buffet selection of high-calorie snacks.</div>
<div class="class39">You aren’t self-disciplined when you wake up early in the morning to work on your new business. You’re self-disciplined when you <span class="class8960">still</span>
 wake up early in the morning when it seems that your business is going nowhere.</div>
<div class="class39">Misfortunes aren’t fun to deal with, but bearing them nobly strengthens your ability to handle even worse circumstances in the <span id="page_123"></span>
future. In a sense, trials and tribulations are like training. You may not enjoy it, but you know that eventually it will pay off and more than recoup for any suffering you’re going through at the moment.</div>
</body>
</html>
