<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0288</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc327_Day_284__On_Habits_as_Handcuffs" class="class31">Day 284: On Habits as Handcuff<span id="page_536"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">Don’t let your habits become handcuffs.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Elizabeth Berg</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9654"></span>
<a href="part0657.xhtml" class="class8951">283</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Few, if any, self-help authors would challenge the opinion that habits are of key importance to a person wishing to improve their life. Most would agree that good habits unlock success, while negative habits are destroying you.</div>
<div class="class39">Yet, sometimes even positive habits can act like handcuffs that limit your life and choices to a preselected set of routines that you’ve decided are most optimal for you.</div>
<div class="class39">Is waking up early generally a positive habit? It is. It can become like handcuffs, though, if you assume that now you need to wake up early every single day, even if there’s a special occasion to celebrate the evening before, such as your spouse’s birthday.</div>
<div class="class39">Is eating healthy a positive habit? Of course it is. However, it can act as shackles if you never let yourself lower your guard for a while and enjoy (preferably in great company) whatever food strikes your fancy.</div>
<div class="class39">Is being highly productive and always working on something new a good habit to have? It is — but if you never relax or get a little lazy, you’ll miss out on some valuable experiences in life and eventually burn out.</div>
<div class="class39">Whenever forming new habits, establish rules as to when you’ll allow yourself to temporarily forego them. Self-discipline and <span id="page_537"></span>
positive habits are important, but life isn’t about living like a robot that always follows the same routines, no matter what.</div>
</body>
</html>
