<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0299</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_557">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8865" class="class510">WEEK 43</div>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8866" class="class512">Day 295: On Wandering Aimlessly</div>
<div class="class514">We are engineered as goal-seeking mechanisms. We are built that way. When we have no personal goal which we are interested in and which “means something” to us, we are apt to “go around in circles,” feel “lost” and find life itself “aimless,” and “purposeless.” We are built to conquer environment, solve problems, achieve goals, and we find no real satisfaction or happiness in life without obstacles to conquer and goals to achieve. People who say that life is not worthwhile are really saying that they themselves have no personal goals which are worthwhile.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Maxwell Maltz</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9023"></span>
<a href="part0667.xhtml" class="class8951">293</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">If you’ve been wandering aimlessly, asking yourself what’s the point of life and feeling like you have no purpose, it’s possibly because you don’t have any important long-term goals to achieve.</div>
<div class="class39">Whenever I found myself in such a situation, it was always during a transitory period between finishing work on one important goal and looking for a new challenge.</div>
<div class="class39">When you reach an important long-term goal, by all means celebrate it, but don’t give yourself more than a couple of weeks to set a new challenge. Failing to identify a new exciting target and living your life without any big goals eventually leads to depression.</div>
<div class="class39">I’m talking from my personal experience: if I don’t have a guiding star in the form of a significant long-term goal, I lose motivation for everything, including my passions<span id="page_558"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">For this reason, I always have secondary goals. Whenever I accomplish my primary goal and don’t immediately come up with a new primary goal, I promote one of the secondary goals to become my new objective.</div>
<div class="class39">I strongly suggest creating a “waiting list” of goals to achieve, so that when you find yourself without a goal, you’ll be able to quickly refocus on a new challenge.</div>
</body>
</html>
