<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0132</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8675" class="class31">Day 128: On Principle<span id="page_260"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">Principles are fundamental truths that serve as the foundations for behavior that gets you what you want out of life. They can be applied again and again in similar situations to help you achieve your goals.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Ray Dalio</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9208"></span>
<a href="part0496.xhtml" class="class8951">122</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Do you follow a set of principles in your life? If not, it’s time to design them and adapt them as an inherent part of your decision-making process, to ensure that you make better choices.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I have ten fundamental rules that guide my overall life and many more that I apply to different aspects of my life. Here are three examples of my general principles that are applicable to every endeavor:</div>
<div class="class39">1. I never give up on anything that’s important to me.</div>
<div class="class39">2. Time is my most important asset. I always focus on achieving more in less time.</div>
<div class="class39">3. Growth happens outside one’s comfort zone. Security leads to mediocrity.</div>
<div class="class39">These rules ensure that I live my life according to my most important values and help me avoid making decisions that favor instant gratification.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, following the first rule means that if I establish that something is important to me, I won’t give up on it, no matter what. Embracing the second rule means that I resist the temptation to do things mindlessly and always seek a more effective way of doing something. Living by the third rule means that I face my fears and <span id="page_261"></span>
resist the urge to stay complacent. This way, I’m always growing and reduce the risk of becoming too comfortable.</div>
<div class="class39">These are not just mere words — I consider them as important as promises made to somebody else, so I need to fulfill them. What rules do you want to embrace in your own life? Make a list of your own fundamental truths that will help you get what you want out of life and treat them as agreements that you can’t break.</div>
</body>
</html>
