<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0043</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_95">
<div id="toc47_Day_39__On_Moderation_as_a_Bad_Thing" class="class31">Day 39: On Moderation as a Bad Thing</div>
<div class="class514">Sometimes moderation is a bad counselor.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Fausto Cercignani</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9392"></span>
<a href="part0411.xhtml" class="class8951">37</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">In yesterday’s entry, we talked about moderation being a good thing. Today we’ll approach the topic from a different perspective.</div>
<div class="class39">Some people use moderation as an excuse to not do their best, often mistaking mediocrity for moderation.</div>
<div class="class39">“Let’s call it a day. I’ve already worked five minutes more than yesterday. You gotta stay in balance.”</div>
<div class="class39">“Let’s stick with the same weight for the next five workouts, even though I can easily lift it. Moderation is key.”</div>
<div class="class39">“I’ve already gone down two sizes. I guess I’m still a bit overweight, but let’s not forget that going to the extreme is a bad thing.”</div>
<div class="class39">If you use moderation as an excuse not to push your limits, you’re mistaking moderation with mediocrity. If you’re trying to lift a weight that you can barely lift off the floor, some moderation will be good for you. If you’re lifting it like it’s a feather and telling yourself you’re still doing great because at least you’re exercising, you’re letting mediocrity limit your growth.</div>
<div class="class39">Sticking to easy things that are well within your grasp isn’t moderation<span id="page_96"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Equating mediocrity with moderation largely comes down to having low standards. A person who thinks that exercising once a week is incredible because most of his friends only exercise with a TV remote will most likely stop challenging themselves well before it would be wise to remember about moderation.</div>
<div class="class39">That’s not to say that you should compare yourself to other people; compare yourself to yourself from the past. If today (a year since you started to exercise) you’re still performing the same exercises with little to no improvement, perhaps you’ve confused moderation with self-congratulation.</div>
<div class="class39">Moreover (as we’ve already covered when talking about moderation as a good thing), you should also apply moderation to moderation itself. It’s impossible to always follow the middle path.</div>
<div class="class39">Sometimes you’ll zig and sometimes you’ll zag. One day might spend 12 hours working on an important project so that you can spend the entire next day with your family. There’s nothing unbalanced in it, as long as you move from an extreme in one thing (like work) to an extreme in another (like family), without staying too long in either one.</div>
</body>
</html>
