<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0065</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_135">
<div id="toc72_Day_61__On_Extreme_Actions" class="class31">Day 61: On Extreme Actions</div>
<div class="class514">You don’t get extreme talent, fame, or success without extreme actions.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Derek Sivers</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9202"></span>
<a href="part0431.xhtml" class="class8951">57</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">It’s important to approach your goals in a sustainable way, thinking in terms of months, years, or decades instead of mere days or weeks. However, at the same time, taking extreme actions can pay handsome dividends, too.</div>
<div class="class39">Balancing between the extreme and more sustainable approach is a difficult art, but in essence it comes down to taking extreme actions during a relatively brief period of time, while ensuring that your actions are sustainable over the long term.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, when my first book became a bestseller, I stuck to a strict publication schedule to benefit from the gained momentum. I launched my second book (on which I had been working since I finished the first draft of my first book) a mere three weeks later. My third book went live in another two weeks, and my fourth was released three weeks after the previous one.</div>
<div class="class39">From there, I slowed down my pace, but I still managed to release at least four new books each year. In the short term, my actions were extreme. And precisely because of that, I was able to build a large following quickly. However, after an initial sprint, you need to slow down to go the distance— and that’s when I transitioned to a little less extreme approach, but one still exhibited by few authors<span id="page_136"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Are you taking extreme actions to gain momentum and separate yourself from the ones who don’t have the self-discipline needed to push themselves hard for a short period of time? How can you intensify your efforts for a couple of weeks or months to maximize your results before transitioning to a more sustainable and less extreme approach?</div>
</body>
</html>
