<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0205</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_389">
<div id="toc232_Day_201__On_Teaching_Others" class="class31">Day 201: On Teaching Others</div>
<div class="class33">
<span class="class8960">Teach others what you are learning. You become what you teach. You teach what you are.</span>
<br/>
</div>
<div class="class3233">When you attempt to articulate and explain a new concept to someone else, you understand it and internalize it better yourself.</div>
<div class="class864">You only really know something to the degree to which you can teach it to someone else, and have them understand and apply it in their own lives.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Brian Tracy</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9393"></span>
<a href="part0573.xhtml" class="class8951">199</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Here’s an ingenious way to become more self-disciplined: while learning how to strengthen your self-control, regularly share your lessons with other people. Teaching is a powerful way to make the knowledge you already have in your head become more organized and better internalized.</div>
<div class="class39">Guess why I write books about self-discipline! Just kidding, though writing has definitely helped me clarify my ideas and better understand them myself.</div>
<div class="class39">The next time you find yourself in a conversation with somebody who is wondering how to instill more self-discipline in their lives, don’t hesitate to share your experiences or even serve as their unofficial coach and mentor.</div>
<div class="class39">Another wonderful way to teach others is to participate in online forums or on social media sites. Teach others how you succeeded with your goals or how you successfully overcame a recent temptation, and you’ll not only help them achieve <span class="class8960">their</span>
 dreams, but also solidify your own success<span id="page_390"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Last but not least, if you aren’t willing to teach others, teach yourself by journaling. Jotting down your insights, lessons, and conclusions will also serve as a valuable tool for self-improvement.</div>
</body>
</html>
