<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0322</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_597">
<div id="toc366_Day_318__On_the_Inconvenience_of_Change" class="class31">Day 318: On the Inconvenience of Change</div>
<div class="class514">Change is not made without inconvenience, even from worse to better.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Richard Hooker</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9420"></span>
<a href="part0693.xhtml" class="class8951">319</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to remodel your house, you expect and accept the inconveniences it will cause.</div>
<div class="class39">There’s no way to replace the old windows, tiles, doors, or kitchen cabinets without making a mess. Repainting your bedroom means that you have to move furniture to another room. Giving your bathroom a makeover means that you’ll have to use a different bathroom or go to a friend’s house to take a shower.</div>
<div class="class39">You accept the disturbance that remodeling causes in your life because you want your house to be nice and cozy. Likewise, if you want to change something in your life, in order for the old to go, there also must be some mess involved in the process of replacing it with the new.</div>
<div class="class39">You might feel cranky upon waking up earlier than usual. You might be exhausted after the first several workouts. You might despair while you are trying to figure out how to learn a new skill.</div>
<div class="class39">Whenever you feel this way and feel tempted to give up, frustrated by how inconvenient the process of change is for you, remember that to go from worse to better, some minor (and <span id="page_598"></span>
sometimes major) annoyances are par for the course. Get over it and get on with your life!</div>
</body>
</html>
