<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0255</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_479">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8815" class="class31">Day 251: On Relaxing While Working</div>
<div class="class514">We scowl when we concentrate. We hunch up our shoulders. We call on our muscles to make the motion of effort, which in no way assists our brain in its work.</div>
<div class="class864">Here is an astonishing and tragic truth: millions of people who wouldn’t dream of wasting dollars go right on wasting and squandering their energy with the recklessness of seven drunken sailors in Singapore.</div>
<div class="class864">What is the answer to this nervous fatigue? Relax! Relax! Relax! Learn to relax while you are doing your work!</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Dale Carnegie</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9474"></span>
<a href="part0624.xhtml" class="class8951">250</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Many people have an erroneous belief that work — both in the literal sense as well as work on your personal goals — has to involve a lot of effort and struggle. Consequently, their bodies reflect their attitude. As Dale Carnegie points out, they scowl when they concentrate, hunch up their shoulders and tense their muscles.</div>
<div class="class39">In reality, tensing is counter-productive. A good example comes from my rock climbing experience: whenever I get too tense and rigid when climbing, my performance decreases, and by a big factor. I forget about proper technique, find myself unable to breathe, and just like that, I can no longer hold onto the wall and I’m falling.</div>
<div class="class39">The same goes with work. I do my best work not when I’m scowling and punching myself in the face, trying to bring out my creativity. I work best in the early morning when I’m sitting <span id="page_480"></span>
somewhere outside in sunny, warm weather, with a cup of tea or water by my side. The environment relaxes me, unleashes my creativity and my productivity shoots up.</div>
<div class="class39">Design your environment in such a way that it relaxes you instead of making you tense. Whenever you catch yourself too tense at work, relax. Make a conscious effort to work with poise. Flex and unflex your tense muscles a couple of times while breathing deeply and you should feel tension going away — and your performance going up.</div>
</body>
</html>
