<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0157</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_303">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8703" class="class31">Day 153: On Spontaneity</div>
<div class="class514">As he walked across the farmyard toward the hen house, he noticed the pump was leaking. So he stopped to fix it. It needed a new washer, so he set off to the barn to get one. But on the way he saw that the hayloft needed straightening, so he went to fetch the pitchfork. Hanging next to the pitchfork was a broom with a broken handle. “I must make a note to myself to buy a broom handle the next time I get to town,” he thought…</div>
<div class="class864">By now it is clear that the farmer is not going to get his eggs gathered, nor is he likely to accomplish anything else he sets out to do. He is utterly, gloriously spontaneous, but he is hardly free. He is, if anything, a prisoner to his unbridled spontaneity. The fact of the matter is that discipline is the only way to freedom; it is the necessary context for spontaneity.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—John Guest</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9139"></span>
<a href="part0522.xhtml" class="class8951">148</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">When you think of spontaneity, you might think of it as something positive and fun. Going on an unplanned road trip. Dancing in the rain. Saying yes to random invitations.</div>
<div class="class39">Spontaneity can be positive, as long as you don’t mistake it with impulsiveness. Whenever you justify your uninhibited behaviors with spontaneity, ask yourself if that’s what it really is or whether your unplanned actions are in reality caused by a lack of self-control.</div>
<div class="class39">Another danger you need to be aware of is when people use spontaneity to lure you in to betray your resolutions. For example, imagine you’re on a diet. When you’re out having fun with your friends, at midnight suddenly one of them announces that you’re all going to go get some pizza. If you back out, you may be called uptight or a killjoy<span id="page_304"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">At that moment, it’s important to realize that your friend’s accusations are unfounded because they mistake disinhibition with spontaneity. You can still be spontaneous without ruining your goals. For example, instead of eating a pizza, you can eat something less caloric (like a salad), eat just one or two small slices, or if you decide to eat the entire pizza, schedule a strenuous workout the next day (or reduce your caloric intake for a day) to burn off the excess calories.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re wondering if self-discipline is going to make you a boring person, realize that you <span class="class8960">can</span>
 make an exception from time to time — just don’t do it when you’re being pressured into doing it.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
