<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0344</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_635">
<div id="toc391_Day_340__On_Better_Learning" class="class31">Day 340: On Better Learning</div>
<div class="class514">Research shows that people who follow strategy B [read ten pages at once, then close the book and write a one page summary] remember 50 percent more material over the long term than people who follow strategy A [read ten pages four times in a row and try to memorize them].</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Daniel Coyle</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9448"></span>
<a href="part0715.xhtml" class="class8951">341</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Books can change your life, but only if you read them with the intention to learn.</div>
<div class="class39">Merely reading a book from cover to cover, closing it, and immediately finding another book to learn from might work as entertainment when reading fiction. However, it doesn’t work with non-fiction. In order to learn, you need to exert a bit more self-discipline and read the book, along with noticing and remembering its key points. You can highlight important parts, make notes, or write short summaries.</div>
<div class="class39">What might be an even better idea than highlighting, making notes, or writing summaries is to make a bullet-point list of its practical applications in your life. A summary can be helpful if you need to memorize the information in itself, but a bullet-point list of practical implications will be more valuable if you’re after a real education — changing your life through what you read.</div>
<div class="class39">Start today with <span class="class8960">this</span>
 book. Grab a notepad or open a new document and make a list of at several practical applications of the advice you’ve discovered in this book. We’re on day 340, so I’m <span id="page_636"></span>
pretty sure you can make a list of at least 10, if not 100, possible changes you can introduce in your life to instill more self-discipline.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
