<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0120</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8661" class="class31">Day 116: On Taking the Low Roa<span id="page_241"></span>
d</div>
<div class="class514">The problem with making an extrinsic reward the only destination that matters is that some people will choose the quickest route there, even if it means taking the low road.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Daniel Pink</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9481"></span>
<a href="part0485.xhtml" class="class8951">111</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Being obsessed about the outcome can help you achieve it more quickly, but it carries the risk of achieving unsustainable results, or worse, ruining your life in the process by taking the low road.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, consider a person who wants to build a successful business. Their end goal — making a million dollars — is more important than anything else. They don’t care about the why or how; it’s only money that counts. Whenever there’s an opportunity to make money, even if it’s unethical, they’ll take it. After all, the end justifies the means, right?</div>
<div class="class39">Taking the low road is yet another temptation you must battle on your journey toward success. There’s no glory in building a business the unethical way, ruining your body with an unsustainable, unhealthy diet just to be slim, or ruining your body forever by taking steroids and other unsafe medications just to become more muscular.</div>
<div class="class39">One way to prevent this from happening is to always think of something bigger than an extrinsic reward as a source of motivation. Think how working on your goal — not merely reaching it — can improve you as a person. How much fun it can be or how much meaning it can give to your life. Focus on those internal rewards in <span id="page_242"></span>
the first place, and you’ll greatly reduce the risk of giving in to the temptation of taking the low road.</div>
</body>
</html>
