<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0084</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div class="class31">Day 80: On Cultivating Positivity When Things Go Bad</div>
<div class="class514">Good humor is a tonic for mind and body. It is the best antidote for anxiety and depression. It is a business asset. It attracts and keeps friends. It lightens human burdens. It is the direct route to serenity and contentment.</div>
<div class="class675">—Grenville Kleiser</div>
<div class="class39">Treating everything seriously is a sure-fire recipe for frustration and depression, particularly when you repeatedly get hit with one obstacle after another with no chance to catch your breath. Negative thoughts can sprout in even the most positive minds, but it’s your choice whether you nurture them or pull them out.</div>
<div class="class39">When I was struggling to grow one of my businesses, my laptop broke down. I not only had to buy a new computer to be able to continue working, but also pay a steep fee to have my data recovered (I’ve since learned how important regular data backup is!).</div>
<div class="class39">To make matters worse, all of that happened while I was deep in debt. I tried to keep my spirits high, but make no mistake — it was one of the darkest, most hopeless periods of my life. Still, if it weren’t for at least trying to be positive about the future, I’m sure I would have had a challenging time sticking to the business that had landed me in so much trouble.</div>
<div class="class39">I’m not going to sugarcoat it. You <span class="class8960">will</span>
 face seemingly hopeless situations and your self-discipline will be tested on numerous occasions. How will you maintain good spirits despite the negative <span id="page_174"></span>
circumstances? What are your most effective techniques to make yourself feel better?</div>
<div class="class39">I strongly suggest creating a list of simple ways you can improve your mood that you’ll be able to turn to when you find yourself in a distressing situation.</div>
</body>
</html>
