<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0265</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_497">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8827" class="class31">Day 261: On Giving Up the Last Word</div>
<div class="class514">Consciously giving up the last word is a secret prayer because the you that wants the last word isn’t really you at all... it’s that dark spirit of one-upmanship, that dark spirit of combativeness.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Guy Finley</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9632"></span>
<a href="part0634.xhtml" class="class8951">260</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">When having a verbal fight, it’s tempting to argue your case until you convince your opponent to share your stance. Unfortunately, it rarely, if ever happens. He or she who has the last word doesn’t succeed in anything except for making the other person feel worse.</div>
<div class="class39">Consequently, here’s another challenge for your self-control: instead of always trying to one-up somebody else, give up having the last word. Don’t try to prove that you’re better (you aren’t) or that your opinion is right (even if it is, you won’t convince anybody by arguing with them). Agree to disagree and change the topic to something more pleasant.</div>
<div class="class39">Exercising self-restraint this way will not only improve your relationships with others, it will also help you improve your self-control by learning how to resist one of the strongest temptations: to continue to argue your case when you’re convinced of your rightness.</div>
</body>
</html>
