<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0024</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc25_Day_20__On_Taking_Small_Steps" class="class31">Day 20: On Taking Small Step<span id="page_60"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">We should discipline ourselves in small things, and from there progress to things of greater value. If you have a headache, practise not cursing. Don’t curse every time you have an earache. And I’m not saying that you can’t complain, only don’t complain with your whole being.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Epictetus</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9527"></span>
<a href="part0393.xhtml" class="class8951">19</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Rome wasn’t built in a day, and  you won’t build self-discipline overnight. If you’ve never been particularly disciplined, start small with easy challenges and then build on top of them.</div>
<div class="class39">Epictetus suggests a simple exercise of not complaining when you feel unwell. To make the first step even easier, he says that you don’t even have to immediately stop complaining at all — just stop complaining “with your whole being.”</div>
<div class="class39">Could you do it just for today? Once you successfully go one day without complaining with your whole being, how about two days? Three days? A week? A month? Could you then add other little challenges and consistently strengthen your willpower?</div>
<div class="class39">Other simple practices you can implement to begin building more self-discipline include:</div>
<div class="class39">- Resisting the temptation to yell in anger when another driver does something that irks you.</div>
<div class="class39">- Eating just slightly less than you’d like to eat, like one square of a chocolate or one potato chip less.</div>
<div class="class39">- Working for just one minute longer when you’re ready to call it a day<span id="page_61"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Work on several such little challenges and soon you’ll gain more self-control and be able to progress to bigger changes.</div>
</body>
</html>
