<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0130</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_257">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8672" class="class31">Day 126: On Shedding Light on the Dark Things</div>
<div class="class514">Much as we must keep returning to the gym and pushing weight against resistance in order to sustain or increase our physical strength, so we must persistently shed light on those aspects of ourselves that we prefer not to see in order to build our mental, emotional and spiritual capacity.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Jim Loehr</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9035"></span>
<a href="part0494.xhtml" class="class8951">120</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Who likes to think about their flaws, let alone put them on full display? We hide our dark side — our mistakes, our failures, temptations we couldn’t overcome, and so on. Instead, we focus on our strengths and proudly talk about our successes.</div>
<div class="class39">While bombarding yourself with self-guilt or embarrassment isn’t a particularly bright strategy for success, sometimes it’s necessary to shed light on the dark side and pick a weakness to address or a temptation you finally need to face and overcome.</div>
<div class="class39">Self-denial is ultimately a self-sabotaging strategy. By telling yourself that you don’t have anything to worry about, you might feel better temporarily, but the flaws and weaknesses don’t go away. You’re missing out on the opportunity to overcome them.</div>
<div class="class39">Right now, spend a few minutes thinking about your unpleasant traits — the ones that you always ignore, or worse, don’t even admit that you have them. If you’re good at accepting criticism from other people, ask your friends what they think your biggest flaws are — and work on fixing them.</div>
</body>
</html>
