<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0306</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_569">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8873" class="class510">WEEK 44</div>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8874" class="class512">Day 302: On Listening to Your Gut</div>
<div class="class514">You might find the idea of listening to your gut feelings odd or even ridiculous. Some people I coach, normally left-brain individuals who use logic and facts all day like engineers or accountants, are not used to following their intuition and feelings. Instead of asking themselves “What do I feel?”, they are more comfortable asking “What do the facts tell me?”</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Nigel Cumberland</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9600"></span>
<a href="part0675.xhtml" class="class8951">301</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Using logic and facts is essential in accomplishing your goals, but sometimes it’s important to listen to your gut, instead of what you can determine through using a rational thinking process.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I was once running a company in a profitable industry, with a good and proven business model. There were many possibilities for growth, clients enjoyed the service, and it was probable that (with enough persistence) I would get venture capital funding and expert coaching.</div>
<div class="class39">However, in my gut I felt that the business wasn’t for me. It clashed with my personality, and no amount of rational thinking, facts, and logic would have persuaded me otherwise.</div>
<div class="class39">In the end, I sold the company and it proved to be the right decision, a decision that was based primarily on my intuition and feelings, not logic.</div>
<div class="class39">Don’t ignore the usefulness of your gut feelings. It’s fine to be self-disciplined and remain persistent no matter what, but if deep <span id="page_570"></span>
down you no longer care about your goal or it otherwise makes you feel uneasy, let your intuition make its case. It’s highly probable that it’s right.</div>
</body>
</html>
