<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0292</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_543">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8857" class="class510">WEEK 42</div>
<div id="toc332_Day_288__On_Routines_and_Relationships" class="class512">Day 288: On Routines and Relationships</div>
<div class="class514">People are offended when you repeatedly turn down their invitations. But, at that point, I felt that the indispensable relationship I should build in my life was not with a specific person but with an unspecified number of readers. My readers would welcome whatever life style I chose, as long as I made sure that each new work was an improvement over the last. And shouldn’t that be my duty — and my top priority — as a novelist?</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Haruki Murakami</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8995"></span>
<a href="part0661.xhtml" class="class8951">287</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Haruki Murakami’s dedication to his readers is impressive, but you might wonder if it means that if you want to achieve your goals by adopting consistent routines, you’ll lose friends and live the life of a social recluse. The answer is: partly yes, and partly no.</div>
<div class="class39">You often can’t choose when you’re the most effective. For me, it’s mornings, between 5 and 9 a.m. This means that each day I need to go to sleep around 9 or 10 p.m. at the latest, in order to to have a good night’s sleep and ensure maximum productivity the next morning.</div>
<div class="class39">Obviously, this affects my life. I rarely hang out with my friends in the evening. However — and here’s where we get to the core of the issue — sometimes you need to make a choice between a routine and a relationship<span id="page_544"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">A person whose primary role is that of a parent will understandably adapt their routine to that of their child.</div>
<div class="class39">An entrepreneur will choose to not spend time with some of his or her friends, if that means that his or her business can grow more quickly.</div>
<div class="class39">A person who wants to banish negative emotions from their life will ensure that their day is constructed in a way that is most conducive to positive feelings.</div>
<div class="class39">Define your most important priorities and roles in life and adjust your life accordingly. Don’t try to please everybody, because it simply can’t happen.</div>
</body>
</html>
