<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0330</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_612">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8901" class="class31">Day 326: On Your Deeds Determining You</div>
<div class="class514">Our deeds determine us, as much as we determine our deeds.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—George Eliot</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9518"></span>
<a href="part0701.xhtml" class="class8951">327</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">You control what actions you take or don’t take, but in the long run, the actions that you take or don’t take also control <span class="class8960">you</span>
 because they determine who you are.</div>
<div class="class39">As confusing as it sounds, there’s an important lesson hiding in there: when pondering what to do or not do, ask yourself what the person you’d like to become would or wouldn’t do. We define people by actions they take, so if you change the actions you take, you’ll also change your own definition of yourself.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, a person who runs often is a runner, while a person who constantly exposes themselves to danger for the fun of it is a daredevil. On the opposite end of the spectrum, a person who sits on the sofa the entire day is a slacker, while a person who never stands up for themselves is a doormat. The primary determinant of a runner, daredevil, slacker or doormat — rather than a specific adjective or trait — is what actions they take or don’t take.</div>
<div class="class39">Each action of yours, just like each thought or habit you have, has an impact on the direction your personal change is going to take. Think beyond the immediate consequences and consider each deed as a building block of the new you. What actions are congruent with the person you desire to become and what deeds aren’t<span id="page_613"></span>
?</div>
<div class="class39">When thinking of the person you want to become in the future, along with setting new goals, make a list of actions the desired “future you” will engage in regularly and the actions that person will refuse to perform.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, if you want to become a more positive person, some of the actions you’ll engage in regularly include smiling, laughing, and expressing your gratitude, while some of the actions you’ll refuse to perform would be complaining, brooding, and criticizing.</div>
</body>
</html>
