<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0170</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8718" class="class31">Day 166: On Handling Emotion<span id="page_326"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">People with a strong physical constitution can tolerate extremes of hot and cold; people of strong mental health can handle anger, grief, joy and the other emotions.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Epictetus</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9478"></span>
<a href="part0536.xhtml" class="class8951">162</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">While people usually associate self-discipline with the ability to resist temptations (such as laziness or overeating), another equally (if not more) important benefit of self-control is the increased ability to control your emotions.</div>
<div class="class39">Both negative and positive feelings make our lives more exciting, but they can also jeopardize our long-term goals if we let them influence our behavior too much.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, if you’re impatient and tend to rush things, one wrong, emotionally-motivated decision can destroy the progress of many months or years.</div>
<div class="class39">A more disciplined approach to impatience — recognizing the difference between when the emotion can actually inspire positive change and when it’s a sign of dissatisfaction with something you can’t control — would serve you more than letting impatience dictate all of your behaviors.</div>
<div class="class39">Positive emotions, as pleasant as they feel, can also affect you negatively. For example, being overjoyed with your results carries the danger of self-congratulation and subsequent complacency, which places you at risk of losing the habits that you had to develop to reach that success<span id="page_327"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">A more disciplined approach to joy — expressing your happiness and gratitude for your success, and then reminding yourself that you still have a lot to learn and promptly looking for another challenge — would serve you more than jumping from joy and assuming that now that you’ve accomplished your goal, you’re a world-class expert and now nothing will ever stand in your way.</div>
<div class="class39">Be vigilant of both your positive and negative emotions and understand the risk they can carry with them when left unchecked.</div>
</body>
</html>
