<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0312</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_579">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8880" class="class31">Day 308: On Not Having Money</div>
<div class="class514">“If only I had more money” is the easiest way to postpone the intense self-examination and decision-making necessary to create a life of enjoyment — now and not later.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Tim Ferriss</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9325"></span>
<a href="part0682.xhtml" class="class8951">308</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">It’s easy to say that you don’t have money and consider it the ultimate excuse as to why you aren’t working on your goals.</div>
<div class="class39">I don’t have money, so I won’t start exercising because I can’t afford fitness equipment.</div>
<div class="class39">I don’t have money, so I won’t start saving money because how can I save money if I don’t have it?</div>
<div class="class39">I don’t have money, so I won’t start eating more healthily because healthy food is too expensive.</div>
<div class="class39">Is it really true that nobody has ever become fit without having loads of money? The marketing techniques of the fitness industry lead you to think that expensive gear is needed to get fit, but many do without it (often as their own choice), and are more than fine.</div>
<div class="class39">Are you really unable to save even one dollar a day, just to establish a new positive habit? Are you saying that your every single purchase is necessary and can’t be reduced even by a small fraction?</div>
<div class="class39">Is healthy food really more expensive than junk food? Ask any person taking hypertension or diabetes medication — caused by their own bad dietary choices — whether they think that eating junk food was a more economical choice. You don’t need to eat all organic or shop in expensive stores to eat healthily<span id="page_580"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Using money as an excuse is taking the easy way out, defaulting to mental laziness rather than seeking a solution. True, it helps you avoid some effort and hard thinking today, but costs you future improvements in your life and leads to a victim mentality.</div>
</body>
</html>
