<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0335</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_620">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8907" class="class31">Day 331: On Finding an Easier Way</div>
<div class="class514">Once you figure out what it is you really want, ask yourself if there’s a better way to get it than to go down the path you’re planning on going down. Maybe you want to be rich so that you can travel all of the time. But do you really need to be rich to do that, or is there any easier way? For example, I wanted to be rich to buy an island, but then figured out how to do it without going through the hassle of getting rich first.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Tynan</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9125"></span>
<a href="part0706.xhtml" class="class8951">332</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">There’s nothing wrong or dishonorable in finding an easier way to accomplish your goals. If you can make it easier for yourself to make your dreams come true — given that it’s legal and moral to do so — do it. Anything that reduces the amount of self-discipline and mental energy you need to reach your goals is a good thing.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, if you want to travel all of the time but you currently don’t have a million or two in the bank, it doesn’t mean that now you need to dedicate a decade of your life to making millions. You could achieve this same goal by doing such things as finding a location-independent job, getting a flexible job, working on a cruise ship or as a flight attendant, starting an online business, or working on short-term contracts in different countries.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to become fit, you can take fitness classes at your local gym and hate it every time you go there, or you can find a type of a physical activity you actually and genuinely enjoy<span id="page_621"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to lose weight, you can go on a restrictive diet that makes you feel miserable, or you can adopt lifestyle changes and embrace nutritional habits that give you some leeway while still helping you get thinner.</div>
<div class="class39">Oh, and for the curious: Tynan managed to buy an island without getting rich first by buying the island together with a few friends.</div>
</body>
</html>
