<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0134</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc151_Day_130__On_Working_on_Laziness" class="class31">Day 130: On Working on Lazines<span id="page_263"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">If you are smart, but not lazy, work on laziness. To do everything, simply because you can, lowers effectiveness. Concentrate on the really important things that get amazing results. Do only the few things with greatest benefit.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Richard Koch</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9425"></span>
<a href="part0498.xhtml" class="class8951">124</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">As contradictory as it sounds, some self-disciplined people need to work on laziness to get to the next level of personal growth. Just like it takes discipline to work on the hard things, it also takes discipline to resist the temptation to work on unnecessary things.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, as a self-published author there are countless ways for me to promote my books. I dabbled into different marketing methods, but in the end had to limit my focus to only the few things that offered the greatest benefit. Doing everything would have perhaps portrayed me as a more hard-working author, but it wouldn’t increase my effectiveness, and most likely would only reduce it.</div>
<div class="class39">Restlessness can be a good thing to inspire a person to take action, but if it leads to mindless work for the sake of work, you’re wasting your potential and resources you could have spent on another area of life where increased effort would have led to noticeable improvements.</div>
<div class="class39">Periodically assess tasks you perform most frequently and ask yourself if you’re not only exerting willpower to keep working, but also showing restraint when it comes to performing tasks that add little or nothing to your life. Crossing off unnecessary tasks from <span id="page_264"></span>
your to-do list might feel good, but it’s just another form of instant gratification that ultimately compromises your long-term objectives.</div>
</body>
</html>
