<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0199</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8751" class="class31">Day 195: On Procrastination as Your All<span id="page_378"></span>
y</div>
<div class="class514">If I defer writing a section, it must be eliminated. This is simple ethics: Why should I try to fool people by writing about a subject for which I feel no natural drive?</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Nassim Taleb</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9173"></span>
<a href="part0567.xhtml" class="class8951">193</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">People consider procrastination an enemy and seek ways to eliminate it from their life. What if I told you that procrastination can be actually one of your greatest allies?</div>
<div class="class39">In essence, when you’re putting something off, it’s because you don’t care about it enough to take action now. If there’s no natural drive to get it done, then it means you’re forcing yourself into doing something that isn’t right for you.</div>
<div class="class39">Perhaps it’s the wrong action or you’re thinking about it in the wrong way. Regardless, in both of those circumstances, procrastination tells you that you’re lacking the right motivation.</div>
<div class="class39">If you woke up in the early morning in a burning house, would you put off getting up for later?</div>
<div class="class39">Likewise, if you cared deep down about building a business, would you procrastinate about doing the necessary work? Playing video games instead of working would be a clear signal that you’ve yet to uncover a strong enough reason to give up gaming in favor of doing something more productive<span id="page_379"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">The next time you catch yourself delaying action, reassess your motivators. If you’re constantly putting it off, your chances of success are slim. Discover better reasons why, or give up and do something else that won’t result in constant procrastination.</div>
</body>
</html>
