<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0254</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_477">
<div id="toc288_Day_250__On_Fluctuating_Energy" class="class31">Day 250: On Fluctuating Energy</div>
<div class="class514">Alternating periods of activity and rest is necessary to survive, let alone thrive. Capacity, interest, and mental endurance all wax and wane. Plan accordingly.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Tim Ferriss</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9303"></span>
<a href="part0623.xhtml" class="class8951">249</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">As great as it would be to always have the same high level of energy, unfortunately it fluctuates.</div>
<div class="class39">Sometimes you’ll feel more determined, and sometimes less. Sometimes you’ll feel deep interest in what you’re pursuing, and sometimes you’ll feel bored, ready to give up and try something else. Sometimes you’ll be able to deliver in one day what you usually create in a week, while on other occasions you’ll barely do 25% of your daily quota.</div>
<div class="class39">Plan according to your fluctuating levels of personal resources. One of the biggest lessons I’ve gained while on my own journey was the necessity of learning how to be flexible and self-compassionate.</div>
<div class="class39">If you feel like you’re about to fall asleep because you’ve had a challenging week at work, there’s no rule stating that you must still perform your usual workout routine. Of course, it would be ideal to do so, but realistically, we aren’t infallible and invincible. If you’re honest with yourself, you’ll know when the exhaustion you feel is mostly an excuse and when it’s a genuine signal from your body.</div>
<div class="class39">I consider myself a self-disciplined person, but sometimes I still skip workouts or reduce their intensity when I feel it’s sensible to do so. I’ve learned to listen to my body and plan accordingly<span id="page_478"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">This doesn’t apply to fitness alone. In virtually every other area of life, your energy will fluctuate. Don’t be afraid to change your plans if your current mental state isn’t conducive to certain actions and choices. Don’t stick to a calorie deficit if you’re sick. Stop working on your side business for a few days if you’re dealing with other pressing personal challenges.</div>
<div class="class39">You won’t always be able to carry the entire world on your shoulders. Tune in to your body and mental state and rest guilt-free whenever you <span class="class8960">genuinely</span>
 feel you <span class="class8960">need</span>
 it.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
