<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0136</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8679" class="class31">Day 132: On Being Willing to Be <span id="page_266"></span>
Bad</div>
<div class="class514">To get good, it’s helpful to be willing, or even enthusiastic, about being bad.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Daniel Coyle</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9146"></span>
<a href="part0500.xhtml" class="class8951">126</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">An expert is a person who has made all of the most common mistakes in their field and learned from them. They embraced being bad so that they could get good.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, in rock climbing I noticed that if I stick to routes that are within my abilities or only slightly above them, I improve less quickly than if I climb routes that are well beyond my current limits.</div>
<div class="class39">Sometimes I make a fool out of myself because I can’t even start the route, and sometimes I surprise myself when I climb 50%, or sometimes even 75% of the route before it defeats me.</div>
<div class="class39">The great benefit in climbing such difficult routes is that I make many more mistakes than when I climb easier routes. This is good, because it reveals my weaknesses and gives me more opportunities to learn.</div>
<div class="class39">If you only stick to routes with easy holds, you’ll never learn how to properly climb when the holds are no bigger than your finger tip. If you only climb on routes with easy footholds, you’ll never learn the proper footwork that a route with sparse, slippery footholds requires<span id="page_267"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s tempting to climb routes within your abilities because they make you feel good and capable, but ultimately it’s nothing but instant gratification. It’s the hard routes that will defeat you that teach you the most in the long run, even if you hate climbing them at the very moment you are doing so.</div>
<div class="class39">If you only set easy challenges for yourself (the ones that will never make you look bad or show you your deficiencies), you’ll hamper your progress or even bring it to a halt.</div>
<div class="class39">Overcome the temptation to lower your bar. Come up with difficult challenges — the ones that make you doubt you’ll succeed — and get to work. Get as bad as you can now, so that you can become as good as possible in the future.</div>
</body>
</html>
