<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0269</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_503">
<div id="toc305_Day_265__On_Transformation_Taking_Place_Now" class="class31">Day 265: On Transformation Taking Place Now</div>
<div class="class514">The present moment contains past and future. The secret of transformation is in the way we handle this very moment.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Thich Nhat Hanh</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9698"></span>
<a href="part0638.xhtml" class="class8951">264</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">The way you handle this very moment might mean nothing for you today, but in reality, each present moment is an opportunity to change your life. It all starts with one decision.</div>
<div class="class39">Maybe you’re now reading this book and wondering if you could learn how to play the guitar. It’s only in this present moment that you can decide to stop reading and head to a music store, buy a guitar and start learning.</div>
<div class="class39">In the very same moment you might glance at a bag of chips on your lap and instead of finishing it off, close it and put it in the trash.</div>
<div class="class39">When you’re going about your day, each little choice subtly affects your future. Each repetition of a negative habit reinforces it, while each repetition of a positive habit makes it more likely you’ll engage in it again in the future.</div>
<div class="class39">Personal transformation doesn’t happen in the future — it’s happening now. How are you making sure that you’re transforming in the right direction?</div>
</body>
</html>
