<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0080</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc89_Day_76__On_Changing_Your_Mind" class="class31">Day 76: On Changing Your Min<span id="page_164"></span>
d</div>
<div class="class514">When my information changes, I alter my conclusions. What do you do, sir?</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—John Maynard Keynes</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9623"></span>
<a href="part0446.xhtml" class="class8951">72</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">I like to say that self-discipline is a powerful force, but only as long as you apply it deliberately in the right circumstances.</div>
<div class="class39">Blindly exerting self-control when your efforts are fruitless and unlikely to lead to positive results is dangerous because it’s not only a waste of time, but may also lead to bitterness.</div>
<div class="class39">“I was so self-disciplined and yet I failed! Self-discipline is overrated, I’m done with it!”, a person might exclaim upon realizing that their efforts were for naught, but failing to notice that their self-discipline wasn’t to be blamed — it was their wrong use of it that resulted in wasting time.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I once worked in the Search Engine Optimization (SEO) industry. I helped clients build backlinks to their websites so that they could rank higher on Google.</div>
<div class="class39">In addition to client work, I built my own sites. At one point, I had 40 sites, each targeting different keywords and covering a different topic. I was extremely self-disciplined about this business, as I was building new sites every week and constantly writing new articles for them.</div>
<div class="class39">When my revenue had finally shot up to around $1000 a month, Google introduced an update to their algorithm and my most successful sites dropped in rankings. My income fell by over 50% <span id="page_165"></span>
overnight. I discovered that it wasn’t anything new in the SEO industry. Google periodically introduced new updates and people like me regularly had to rebuild their businesses according to the new rules.</div>
<div class="class39">Upon realizing that my business would forever stand on wobbly legs, I stopped working on new sites and retreated from the industry. Choosing to stay self-disciplined would have been the wrong choice, because it would probably never lead me to building the lucrative, <span class="class8960">stable</span>
 business I was seeking to achieve.</div>
<div class="class39">From time to time, revise your goals to factor in any new information you have recently acquired. Does it solidify your reasons to keep going, or is it a sign that perhaps you should alter your conclusions and refocus your efforts on something else?</div>
</body>
</html>
