<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0147</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_285">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8692" class="class31">Day 143: On Falling in Love With the Idea of Starting</div>
<div class="class514">What was the use of doing great things if I could have a better time telling her what I was going to do?</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—F. Scott Fitzgerald</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9378"></span>
<a href="part0511.xhtml" class="class8951">137</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">There’s an inherent danger in sharing with everybody what you’re going to do: you might fall in love with the idea of starting something at the expense of actually doing it.</div>
<div class="class39">Telling others about your plan can be addictive because it delivers a reward without you having done any meaningful work: you boast about what you’re going to do, people are impressed, and you get a sense of accomplishment.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I used to talk about starting to travel more, but whenever I was faced with an opportunity to go on a trip, I was scared.</div>
<div class="class39">It was easier and more pleasant to talk with my friends about all the exciting places I would go to. Today, while I still feel some resistance prior to going on a trip (particularly a more demanding adventure, such as visiting an exotic country), I almost never talk about my plans until I actually book the flights and the trip converts from being a wish into becoming a real-world action.</div>
<div class="class39">Are there any goals of yours that you “started” working on a long time ago, but which in fact still remain in the realm of unmaterialized plans? An easy way to figure this out is to think of <span id="page_286"></span>
your recent conversations and find a topic that you frequently talk about, but never actually act upon.</div>
</body>
</html>
