<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0294</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc334_Day_290__On_Letting_Go_of_the_Old_Person" class="class31">Day 290: On Letting Go of the Old <span id="page_547"></span>
Person</div>
<div class="class514">You must be willing to let go of the old person in order to become the new person. You must be willing to stop doing certain things in order to start doing the things that are consistent with the new you.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Brian Tracy</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9507"></span>
<a href="part0663.xhtml" class="class8951">289</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">People want to get rid of their flaws and improve themselves, but at the same time they aren’t willing to let go of their unfavorable behaviors and habits. They’re slaves to their weaknesses, often equating them with who they are.</div>
<div class="class39">An overweight person will never change unless they stop thinking of themselves as an overweight person. If being obese is something that you use as your personal definition and (what’s even worse) you feel fine referring to yourself in such a way, how do you expect to become a new person?</div>
<div class="class39">I was overweight as a teenager and in my early twenties. One day I realized that, in some twisted way, I enjoyed it. Upon discovering this fact and realizing that my future wouldn’t be very bright if I were to stay faithful to this definition of myself, I decided to let go of this identity and lose weight. Today, I’m proud to define myself as a slim, fit person.</div>
<div class="class39">A person who defines themselves as a video gamer and wears it as a badge of honor will be unlikely to adopt new, more productive behaviors until they become willing to let go of their old identity of a <span id="page_548"></span>
gamer. True, there’s nothing inherently wrong in being a gamer. However, if it stands in the way of accomplishing your goals, rethink whether it’s an identity that serves you or if perhaps it’s time to give it up so you can start doing other things that are more consistent with a new you.</div>
<div class="class39">Who’s the old you and who’s the new you? How often do you engage in the behaviors of the old you and how often do you manifest the traits of the new you? Shift the balance toward the new you and one by one, eradicate the undesirable old behaviors.</div>
</body>
</html>
