<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0221</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_419">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8776" class="class31">Day 217: On Things Not Being Up to Us</div>
<div class="class514">Some things are in our control and others not.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Epictetus</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9151"></span>
<a href="part0589.xhtml" class="class8951">215</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Living according to the most fundamental principle of Roman Stoicism — acknowledging that some things are up to us and others aren’t, and it’s of no use to worry or complain about the latter — is an excellent way to strengthen your self-control.</div>
<div class="class39">At the moment I’m writing this, I’m in the process of launching a new book. Things went bad from the start. I had to wait over 36 hours before my book was published, something that normally takes a few hours. This in itself delayed my entire launch schedule.</div>
<div class="class39">Then it turned out that because of another error, some early reviewers couldn’t post their review. Then I realized I forgot to upload my audiobook, which pushed back its release date. In the meantime, I had other fires to put out related to other aspects of the business.</div>
<div class="class39">I won’t lie: I was frustrated. However, in the end it all proved to be a valuable exercise in self-control. By trying not to get overly frustrated or worry too much about something that I couldn’t control, I became slightly better at handling such situations, which are bound to repeat in the future.</div>
<div class="class39">Whenever you’re going through hardships that are beyond your control, look at them as an exercise in reining in your emotions. <span id="page_420"></span>
There’s nothing you can do to change the situation, so at least you can learn something from it.</div>
</body>
</html>
