<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0008</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc7_Day_4__On_Creating_Systems" class="class31">Day 4: On Creating System<span id="page_34"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">I value self-discipline, but creating systems that make it next to impossible to misbehave is more reliable than self-control.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Tim Ferriss</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9501"></span>
<a href="part0378.xhtml" class="class8951">4</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">A lot of people think that being self-disciplined means that you can sit in front of a delicious piece of cake and stare at it for hours without eating it. They think of resisting temptations as being like a knight defending his kingdom against the invader.</div>
<div class="class39">If you go to seedy bars every week, your chances of getting punched in the face are higher than those of a person spending their evenings at home with a book. Likewise, the best way to protect yourself against temptations is to avoid them — and for that, plain old preparation is more valuable than self-control.</div>
<div class="class39">Your chances of cheating on a diet are higher if you have forbidden foods at home. Removing them from your house — a simple act that requires little willpower, as long as you’re satiated while doing so — will protect you when you get hungry and the urge to gorge on them hits you like a ton of bricks.</div>
<div class="class39">Your chances of sleeping in are lower if you set three different alarms and place them away from your bed.</div>
<div class="class39">You’ll be less likely to waste time at work when you block the most distracting websites instead of relying on your willpower to stop you before loading those funny cat pictures.</div>
<div class="class39">Prepare yourself for difficult situations by putting up roadblocks ahead of time, when your resolve isn’t being tested. Your self-<span id="page_35"></span>
control <span class="class8960">system</span>
 will do some of the heavy lifting for you, leaving your reserves of self-discipline to be used for the unplanned situations, when they arise.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
