<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0225</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_425">
<div id="toc255_Day_221__On_Antimodels" class="class31">Day 221: On Antimodels</div>
<div class="class514">People focus on role models; it is more effective to find antimodels — people you don’t want to resemble when you grow up.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Nassim Taleb</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9347"></span>
<a href="part0593.xhtml" class="class8951">219</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">A common piece of advice to inspire you to pursue your ideal lifestyle is to find successful people whom you’d like to emulate.</div>
<div class="class39">However, what sometimes works better than positive motivation is negative motivation. For example, you’ll most likely run faster if you’re running away from a psychopathic killer than if you’re running in a race with monetary prizes.</div>
<div class="class39">In the same way, you might find more motivation in making a list of traits or describing the kind of a lifestyle you don’t want to live, identifying people you don’t want to resemble, and then using them as your antimodels.</div>
<div class="class39">Whenever you find yourself tempted to give up, cheat, or otherwise betray your values, remind yourself that each time you’re doing it, you’re getting closer to becoming your antimodel. If you’ve chosen your antimodels well, you’ll do whatever you can to avoid their fate — and that’s the power of negative motivation.</div>
<div class="class39">If you don’t know any people who can serve as antimodels, imagine your future self as a person who did the opposite of what you want and is now stuck in living the worst kind of a lifestyle that you could ever imagine. Treat the undesirable “future you” as your antimodel.</div>
</body>
</html>
