<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0082</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_168">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8617" class="class510">WEEK 12</div>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8618" class="class512">Day 78: On Collaboration</div>
<div class="class514">Life is not a solo act. It’s a huge collaboration, and we all need to assemble around us the people who care about us and support us in times of strife.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Tim Gunn</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9586"></span>
<a href="part0448.xhtml" class="class8951">74</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Even though there’s “self” in the word “self-discipline,” it doesn’t mean that you need to refuse the help of other people or that you need to reinvent the wheel because you can’t make your decisions based on the knowledge acquired by other people. It’s easier to put up a fight against temptations and stick to your resolutions when others have your back. Learning from the experience of others, regardless if it’s in the form of a book or a conversation, makes things easier, too.</div>
<div class="class39">I’ve greatly benefited from the power of social support by participating in online forums. I’m pretty sure that if it weren’t for the people I’ve gotten to know over the years of my entrepreneurial journey, it would have been much harder for me to reach success. Knowing that the people who inspired me also had faced obstacles and were tempted to give up, it was easier for me to keep going when it was me who was facing the immense difficulties.</div>
<div class="class39">It doesn’t mean that you need to become great at making online friends, though. Most of the people who immensely helped me on my journey don’t even know me — it was the breadcrumbs they left <span id="page_169"></span>
in the form of forum posts and articles that changed my life, not my friendship with them.</div>
<div class="class39">Another way to collaborate is to find a person who will hold you accountable: a friend who’s on the same journey as you or perhaps an online support group.</div>
<div class="class39">The key to benefiting from this strategy is choosing the right accountability partner. Go with a person who’s strict, rather than lax, so that when you don’t feel like doing something, he or she will push you to keep going rather than give you a pass and a pat on the back. Ideally, this person should be great at what you want to accomplish, and if not great, at least slightly better than you.</div>
<div class="class39">Last but most definitely not least, if there’s a way to accomplish your goal more quickly through working with a reputable coach and you can afford it, do that. I learned the fundamental knowledge about self-publishing in just a couple of weeks, thanks to working with a person who was knowledgeable about the industry. It greatly shortened my learning curve, inspired me, and helped me avoid several obstacles that would have otherwise tested my resolve, if not outright discouraged from entering this business.</div>
</body>
</html>
