<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0162</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_312">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8709" class="class31">Day 158: On Learning From the Greats</div>
<div class="class514">You do not win in a big fight by any patent device. There is not any way by which you can turn your hand and conquer in a time of great trial. You have got to conquer as your fathers and grandfathers conquered before you. You have got to conquer as strong men have conquered in every struggle of history, and draw on whatever fund of courage, of resolution, of hardihood, of iron will that you have at your command, and you can conquer only if you draw on just those qualities.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Theodore Roosevelt</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9416"></span>
<a href="part0527.xhtml" class="class8951">153</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Whatever problems you’re facing today, somebody has already faced them in the past. Perhaps not in the exact same way as you, but close enough that the story of this person will resonate with you.</div>
<div class="class39">That’s why I find biographies (particularly autobiographies) so inspirational — you’re getting to know the stories of great individuals and discover that no matter what period of history they took place in, people always employed the same or similar ways to achieve success. What’s so powerful about it is that you can apply their lessons in your own life and have a reasonable chance that if it worked for them, it will work for you.</div>
<div class="class39">It might sound like I’m opposed to the use of self-help literature (obviously I’m not; otherwise I wouldn’t write my books!), but I strongly believe that you’re often better served by reading biographies of people you want to emulate, rather than yet another generic book about personal development. (And yes, you have my <span id="page_313"></span>
blessing to close this book now, if you have a good biography waiting for you on the bookshelf!)</div>
<div class="class39">Here are some biographies I strongly recommend, listed in no particular order:</div>
<div class="class39">1. <span class="class8960">Losing My Virginity</span>
 and <span class="class8960">Finding My Virginity</span>
 by Richard Branson.</div>
<div class="class39">2. <span class="class8960">Shoe Dog</span>
 by Phil Knight.</div>
<div class="class39">3. <span class="class8960">Elon Musk</span>
 by Ashlee Vance.</div>
<div class="class39">4. <span class="class8960">How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big</span>
 by Scott Adams.</div>
<div class="class39">5. <span class="class8960">On Writing</span>
 by Stephen King.</div>
<div class="class39">6. <span class="class8960">How to Get Rich</span>
 by Felix Dennis.</div>
<div class="class39">7. <span class="class8960">Let My People Go Surfing</span>
 by Yvon Chouinard.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
