<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0015</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_47">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8541" class="class31">Day 11: On Self-Discipline and Talent</div>
<div class="class514">Self-discipline without talent can often achieve astounding results, whereas talent without self-discipline inevitably dooms itself to failure.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Sydney J. Harris</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9409"></span>
<a href="part0385.xhtml" class="class8951">11</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">When you look at some of the most successful high-performers, it might be tempting to say that they were born this way. They’re talented, end of story. In fact, talent — while undeniably makes life easier — is but one part of the equation.</div>
<div class="class39">I used to be a shy and fearful person. If you compared me, the awkward outsider, with the most successful guys at school, you could say they were born talented to be popular, liked and as alpha male as you could get, while I didn’t have such luck.</div>
<div class="class39">However, my apparent misfortune turned out to be a source of strength because it provided a spark to introduce big changes in my life. By continuously pushing my comfort zone, I not only overcame social shyness and improved my communication skills, but also developed high self-confidence and overcame other fears in my life.</div>
<div class="class39">I might not have been born with the talent to be a “people person” — I still prefer solitude to crowds — but with self-discipline and consistent work, I still achieved astounding results.</div>
<div class="class39">Next time, before you complain that you don’t have a talent for something or weren’t “born this way,” remind yourself that self-<span id="page_48"></span>
discipline, in many situations, can more than make up for a lack of inborn traits.</div>
</body>
</html>
