<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0286</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8851" class="class31">Day 282: On Analysis Paralysi<span id="page_532"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">The ten thousand questions are one question. If you cut through the one question, then the ten thousand questions disappear.</div>
<div class="class675">—Xinxin Ming</div>
<div class="class39">Analysis paralysis happens when you overthink a situation to such an extent that you never take a decision.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, a person who wishes to lose weight will never commence a diet because they’ll forever keep searching for the right diet or the ultimate answer to the question of which foods are healthy and which are not (hint: even scientists don’t know the correct answer).</div>
<div class="class39">As a result, weeks and months pass by, and all you have is more and more unresolved questions and zero real-world results.</div>
<div class="class39">While it often pays to think deeply about your goal and how you want to approach it, if you have a tendency to over-analyze and overcomplicate things, give yourself just one day to figure out the answer to one key question — and instead of aiming for the perfect answer, aim for an answer that’s <span class="class8960">good enough</span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, if you want to start a diet and are unsure which one to follow, research the most common and most successful diets. Limit your choices to the few best options and then choose the one that feels like the best fit. Don’t worry about getting it perfect — in the state of analysis paralysis you won’t get any results, so even mediocre results are still an improvement<span id="page_533"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Think of it as driving a car in foggy weather. Even though you can’t see everything around you, you can still drive. It’s the same with goals — even with limited knowledge, you can still work on your objectives.</div>
</body>
</html>
