<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0141</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_275">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8685" class="class31">Day 137: On Waiting for Ten Minutes</div>
<div class="class514">For a cooler, wiser brain, institute a mandatory ten-minute wait for any temptation.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Kelly McGonigal</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8958"></span>
<a href="part0505.xhtml" class="class8951">131</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Telling yourself that you’re going to get something in ten minutes satisfies your craving for the next ten minutes. After all, you <span class="class8960">are</span>
 getting your reward; you just need to wait ten minutes.</div>
<div class="class39">A curious fact is that after ten minutes, it’s likely that you’ll no longer remember the craving or it will have diminished to such a level that you’ll be able to handle it. And if not, you can tell yourself yet again that you’ll have it in ten minutes and repeat the process until the urge is gone.</div>
<div class="class39">If you find the urge overpowering, use a stopwatch and stare at it the entire ten minutes before succumbing to the temptation. After ten minutes, even if you still reward yourself, at least you’ll have exercised your self-control muscle a little.</div>
<div class="class39">Note that you can wait for ten minutes for any temptation in both directions: either by waiting for 10 minutes before you give in to something, or by giving yourself 10 minutes to do something and then allowing yourself to stop.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, if you’re facing the challenge of unpleasant, but necessary and urgent work to do, tell yourself that you’ll only do it for ten minutes and then you can quit. More often than not, you’ll <span id="page_276"></span>
continue. And if not, as with waiting for 10 minutes before giving in to a temptation, you’ll still have exercised your willpower.</div>
</body>
</html>
