<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0261</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_490">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8822" class="class31">Day 257: On Being Impeccable With Your Word</div>
<div class="class514">Be impeccable with your word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Miguel Ángel Ruiz</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9545"></span>
<a href="part0630.xhtml" class="class8951">256</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Self-control has a wide variety of applications, one of which is the control you have over your own words. Negative habits like gossip, harsh unconstructive self-criticism, telling half-truths or speaking without integrity are all manifestations of a weak-willed person.</div>
<div class="class39">A person who’s in control of their speech, who makes sure that their words are used primarily to tell the truth or are motivated by love and other positive emotions, will spread positivity and respect. This, in turn, will make the other person feel better, too, and it all creates a positive chain reaction. Moreover, controlling your words and making sure that whenever you open your mouth, you bring value to the world, is in itself a powerful exercise in self-restraint.</div>
<div class="class39">On the other end of the spectrum, a vile person who constantly gossips about others, hides what they think, and uses their words to hurt others, will ultimately live a bitter, gloomy life.</div>
<div class="class39">Being impeccable with your word is a big challenge, and possibly a lifetime endeavor, but it’s well worth the benefits. Start <span id="page_491"></span>
now by developing more awareness of how you use your words — and change them whenever your motives aren’t positive.</div>
</body>
</html>
