<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0113</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8653" class="class31">Day 109: On the Size of Container<span id="page_228"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">Moviegoers who were given fresh popcorn ate 45.3% more popcorn when it was given to them in large containers. This container-size influence is so powerful that even when the popcorn was disliked, people still ate 33.6% more popcorn when eating from a large container than from a medium-size container.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Brian Wansink</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9457"></span>
<a href="part0478.xhtml" class="class8951">104</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Sometimes weird tips can go a long way toward helping you accomplish some common goals, such as losing weight.</div>
<div class="class39">In the cited study, the size of the popcorn containers affected how much people ate from them. What’s interesting is that, even if they didn’t like popcorn, when they were eating it from a larger container, they still ate more than people who were eating from a medium-size container.</div>
<div class="class39">Conclusion? If you want to eat less, and consequently, increase your chances of success when dieting without the need for more willpower, consume in smaller containers: smaller plates, bowls, and glasses. When the plate is bigger than the food on it, it looks like there’s less food than when it’s a small plate filled to the brim with a smaller amount of food.</div>
<div class="class39">As a bonus random dieting tip for today, if you’re struggling not to eat something, go and brush your teeth. For some strange reason, brushing your teeth — at least in my experience — makes you less likely to indulge, probably because you don’t want to lose the freshness you now feel in your mouth (plus things don’t taste well <span id="page_229"></span>
immediately after brushing your teeth, so it gives you time to pause and think before you cheat).</div>
</body>
</html>
