<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0323</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_599">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8893" class="class31">Day 319: On Learning From Refusal</div>
<div class="class514">One never knows a man till he has refused him something, and studied the effect of the refusal; one never knows himself till he has denied himself. The altar of sacrifice is the touchstone of character.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Orrin Philip Gilford</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9205"></span>
<a href="part0694.xhtml" class="class8951">320</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Let’s be clear: denying yourself nice things is neither easy nor fun. However, in addition to the incredible benefits it brings in the form of increased self-control, it’s also a powerful test of your character and a self-discovery tool.</div>
<div class="class39">For one, self-refusal provides an opportunity to understand what you need in your life and what you only <span class="class8960">think</span>
 you need in your life. Unless you stay away from what you consider your “necessities” for a period of time, you won’t know whether they’re really necessities, after all.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, on many of my adventures, I had to sleep in less than comfortable circumstances, such as in a car parked by the road or in a soaking wet tent with homeless dogs fighting outside.</div>
<div class="class39">I had always thought that I wouldn’t be able to recharge in such circumstances, but often I was actually more recharged after several hours of such uncomfortable sleep than in my own bed. What I considered a necessity was in fact a luxury. This realization made me a stronger person. I expanded my comfort zone and now I know I can handle sleeping in a wide variety of weird places<span id="page_600"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Second, refusing yourself pleasant things can show you the depth of your addiction for them. For example, I used to eat a few pieces of dark chocolate daily. I assumed it wasn’t a big deal and I thought I could stop eating it whenever I wanted to. However, when I decided to take a break from eating all kinds of sweets, I felt immense cravings. Denying myself a few pieces of dark chocolate — an innocent pleasure — made me realize that I had been addicted to it.</div>
<div class="class39">Finally, while we were young, it was our parents or other caretakers who told us we couldn’t get something. We fumed and protested, but there was nothing we could do about it. This way, unbeknownst to ourselves, we learned that we couldn’t always get everything we wanted — and I daresay it was one of the most powerful lessons in self-discipline a child could receive.</div>
<div class="class39">Today, as adults, most of us don’t have such gatekeepers. If you want to eat chocolate, you can go to the store and buy it; nobody will force you to eat broccoli instead. If you want to spend the entire Sunday in bed, nobody will kick you out of it and force you to go out and play with other kids.</div>
<div class="class39">This freedom feels good, but there’s also danger in it — by spoiling ourselves this way, we eventually do ourselves the same disservice as parents who spoil their children. Self-refusal, in essence, can act as an emergency brake, stopping us from spiraling into overindulgence.</div>
</body>
</html>
