<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0253</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc287_Day_249__On_Working_Backwards" class="class31">Day 249: On Working Backward<span id="page_475"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">A trick that screenwriters use: work backwards. Begin at the finish. If you’re writing a movie, solve the climax first. If you’re opening a restaurant, begin with the experience you want the diner to have when she walks in and enjoys a meal.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Steven Pressfield</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9242"></span>
<a href="part0622.xhtml" class="class8951">248</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">When people set new goals, they often feel resistance because they find it hard to figure out the process needed to get to where they want to go.</div>
<div class="class39">If you feel like you are spinning your wheels, frustrated by the impossibility of discovering what the first step should be, start from the other direction.</div>
<div class="class39">Imagine yourself as a person who has achieved your goal. Now work backwards: what have you done to get to where you are? What have you avoided doing? What are you doing daily as the successful person who has accomplished this goal? What are your beliefs? How do you feel?</div>
<div class="class39">Break it down into small parts and now you have a list of all of the actions you need to take to get to your destination. Start with an action you think is within your reach and take it from there.</div>
<div class="class39">Let’s go through a quick example to better describe this process. Let’s imagine that you want to become a fit, healthy person.</div>
<div class="class39">What would this person certainly <span class="class8960">not</span>
 do? Would he or she eat fast food daily? Would he or she stay at home the entire day or lead an active life? Think of any actions that such a person would <span id="page_476"></span>
certainly <span class="class8960">not</span>
 do. Now you have a list of smaller and bigger habits you need to implement in your life.</div>
<div class="class39">How would this person feel about themselves and which beliefs would they embrace? Would you agree with me if I said that they would probably feel firmly in control of their destiny and that their primary belief would be that they’re the masters of their own fate and they would never blame anyone else but themselves for not living up to their standards? Now you know where you need to start to change your identity.</div>
<div class="class39">An additional benefit of this exercise is that you get to visualize all of the actions that are necessary to achieve the change; unlike visualizing the outcome alone (which is generally ineffective), this type of visualization can be helpful in boosting your resolve.</div>
</body>
</html>
