<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0267</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8829" class="class31">Day 263: On Thinking for Yoursel<span id="page_500"></span>
f</div>
<div class="class514">You and you alone are the sole arbiter of the meaning in your life. The second you turn to someone and say, “What does life mean?” or, “What should my life mean?” you have slipped into a mind-set that courts inauthenticity and depression. The second you agree with someone simply because of her position or reputation, whether that someone is a guru, author, cleric, parent, politician, general, or elder, you fall from the path of personal meaning-maker.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Eric Maisel</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9522"></span>
<a href="part0636.xhtml" class="class8951">262</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">One of the things I emphasize in every book is that I’m not a guru nor do I wish to be one. I don’t want you to take my advice at face value, assuming that it’s right simply because I share it in my book.</div>
<div class="class39">Agreeing with somebody simply because of their position or reputation is dangerous, because you’re essentially delegating your thinking process to this person. I make mistakes, you make mistakes, and even the world’s most successful performers make mistakes.</div>
<div class="class39">Moreover, what works for one person doesn’t necessarily work for another person. For example, I often take the extreme approach, which usually works out fine for me, but might hurt another person who isn’t used to pushing their limits in such a way. Granted, you won’t know which approach is good for you until you test it for yourself, but it’s important to think before you act and to question any advice, including the tips you find in this book.</div>
<div class="class39">Finally, don’t make the mistake of letting others decide the meaning of your life. You, and only you, can figure out how you <span id="page_501"></span>
want to live your life and what you want to get out of it. Following somebody else’s recipe for an “ideal” life is a recipe for depression. Even if your dreams are considered weird by others, it doesn’t make them incorrect. They’re <span class="class8960">your</span>
 dreams, and that’s the only thing that counts for them to be valid.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
