<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0355</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_654">
<div id="toc403_WEEK_51" class="class510">WEEK 51</div>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8930" class="class512">Day 351: On Admitting You’re Struggling</div>
<div class="class514">To cut out every negative root would simultaneously mean choking off positive elements that might arise from it further up the stem of the plant. We should not feel embarrassed by our difficulties, only by our failure to grow anything beautiful from them.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Alain de Botton</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9511"></span>
<a href="part0725.xhtml" class="class8951">351</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">I often talk about my failures in my books because I want my readers to understand that hardships are an inherent part of the process. If somebody claims they’re successful but they’ve never failed, you can be sure they’re lying.</div>
<div class="class39">Whenever you’re dealing with problems and struggling to stick to your goals, don’t be afraid to share your troubles with others and reach out for help. You might feel tempted to protect your ego and demonstrate that you’re infallible, but doing so is counterproductive.</div>
<div class="class39">Denying that you have problems — or denying that you could use help or support — doesn’t make you better than a person who publicly admits that things aren’t going well and is looking for assistance.</div>
<div class="class39">In the end, there’s nothing to be ashamed of when you’re struggling. The only shame is in failing to recognize your problems because that’s when you miss out on some of the most valuable opportunities to grow.</div>
</body>
</html>
