<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0305</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_567">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8872" class="class31">Day 301: On the Power of Rituals</div>
<div class="class514">A growing body of research suggests that as little as 5 percent of our behaviors are consciously self-directed. We are creatures of habit and as much as 95 percent of what we do occurs automatically or in reaction to a demand or an anxiety.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Jim Loehr</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9017"></span>
<a href="part0674.xhtml" class="class8951">300</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">If the vast majority of what we do is an automatic behavior, then what we need to focus on in the first place is making sure that our rituals are empowering. But first, we need to identify and assess our automatic behaviors.</div>
<div class="class39">Starting from when you wake up, make a list of all of the automatic behaviors you engage in throughout the day.</div>
<div class="class39">Do you immediately go to prepare coffee? When commuting to work, do you always swear at other drivers? When you arrive at work, do you automatically start gossiping with your colleagues? When shopping, do you automatically buy things you don’t necessarily need if you see that they’re discounted by 50%? When you’re tired but there’s still one more chore to attend to, do you routinely watch TV first and then take care of the chore (or forget about it entirely) or do you do it immediately, instead of giving in to the temptation to procrastinate?</div>
<div class="class39">This simple exercise will help you take stock of your rituals and decide which ones to keep and which ones to discard. Since automatic behaviors often take place without us being entirely aware of them, making such a list may help you discover your blind spots<span id="page_568"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">In addition to performing this exercise, pick one day during which you’ll try to catch yourself whenever you’re automatically engaging in disadvantageous behaviors. It’s only with heightened self-awareness that you can identify some of the little everyday habits that negatively affect your willpower.</div>
</body>
</html>
