<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0187</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_355">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8737" class="class510">WEEK 27</div>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8738" class="class512">Day 183: On Shocking Your Body</div>
<div class="class514">“Your body needs to be shocked to become resilient,” Eric explained. Follow the same daily routine, and your musculoskeletal system quickly figures out how to adapt and go on autopilot. But surprise it with new challenges — leap over a creek, commando-crawl under a log, sprint till your lungs are bursting — and scores of nerves and ancillary muscles are suddenly electrified into action.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Christopher McDougall</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9301"></span>
<a href="part0555.xhtml" class="class8951">181</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">One of the most common reasons why people don’t succeed at introducing a permanent exercise habit in their lives is because their workouts are boring. They do the same things over and over again, and even if they work in the beginning, the body quickly adapts to them and stops responding to them in the same way as in the beginning.</div>
<div class="class39">When the effectiveness drops down and a person gets tired of doing the same things, the outcome is predictable: you no longer want to work out anymore.</div>
<div class="class39">That’s why I’m so strongly against any kind of structured fitness classes at the gym that you attend because you think it’s the only way to exercise.</div>
<div class="class39">Seek something enjoyable and exciting that won’t feel like dreadful exercise. If you can’t find it, keep looking until you do. Ultimately, it’s the only way to successfully maintain an exercise habit in your life<span id="page_356"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">However, please note that even if you’re doing something exciting, no matter how fantastic it is in the beginning, if you don’t change your routine every now and then, it also might get boring.</div>
<div class="class39">Mixing it up every now and then by focusing on a different aspect of the activity, doing it in a different place, with different intensity or with different people will boost your excitement, shock your body, and ensure that you’ll stick to physical activity for the long haul.</div>
</body>
</html>
