<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0163</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc184_Day_159__On_Having_Options" class="class31">Day 159: On Having Option<span id="page_314"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">Always have options. Options are a primary source of power.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Dave Kekich</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9495"></span>
<a href="part0528.xhtml" class="class8951">154</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Here’s an easy way to sabotage yourself: limit your thinking to black or white. It’s either A or B. You either do it or you don’t. Having only two options takes away your power to choose and makes you susceptible to decision avoidance. This, in turn, makes you less likely to introduce important changes in your life.</div>
<div class="class39">Rarely, if ever, are there only two options.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, let’s imagine you’re now working 9 to 5, but you’d like to become an entrepreneur. Black or white thinking makes you believe that you only have two options: keep your job or give notice and start your business. With only two (opposite) directions to choose from, you can’t make it any harder for you to decide.</div>
<div class="class39">What about continuing your career while building a side business? How about asking your boss if you can work from your home office? What about changing your form of employment to become a contractor instead of an employee? What about finding a job in a startup that is looking for a cofounder with your experience?</div>
<div class="class39">Suddenly you have other options, and those options can empower you to introduce a change instead of having to choose between the status quo and making an irresponsible decision.</div>
<div class="class39">Whenever you catch yourself thinking that you only have two options, think again. Black-or-white thinking is mental laziness. <span id="page_315"></span>
Always find at least one more alternative and give yourself a better chance of making the right decision.</div>
</body>
</html>
