<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0192</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8743" class="class31">Day 188: On Prid<span id="page_365"></span>
e</div>
<div class="class514">All men make mistakes, but a good man yields when he knows his course is wrong, and repairs the evil. The only crime is pride.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Sophocles</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9537"></span>
<a href="part0560.xhtml" class="class8951">186</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Pride has a positive connotation. You’re proud of your achievements, proud of your children, or proud of your country.</div>
<div class="class39">However, pride often serves as an excuse to stick to the wrong path or deny responsibility for your wrongdoings. It’s also dangerous when it converts to egotism, a state leading to complacency and overestimating your abilities.</div>
<div class="class39">Embrace a healthy approach toward accomplishment: appreciate your successes, but don’t put pride on the pedestal and discontinue further efforts just because somebody acknowledged your triumphs.</div>
<div class="class39">I sometimes receive emails from my readers telling me that my books have changed their lives. I’m happy to hear that they’ve found my work valuable, but — as strange as it may sound — I refuse to feel proud of my books. My books might have been the spark, but it’s the reader’s efforts that have helped them change their lives. If I were to convince myself that my books are so incredible, I would have probably become complacent or let the success go to my head.</div>
<div class="class39">Another aspect of pride is stubbornly following the wrong path. A common demonstration of this behavior is particularly common among men: when they get lost, they’ll put off asking somebody for directions for as long as they can, while they continue their journey in the wrong direction<span id="page_366"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Instead of acknowledging the mistake, swallowing their pride, and asking for help, they waste time and energy just because they’re too prideful.</div>
<div class="class39">If you recognize such a behavior in yourself, vow to never again let pride make you overinvest in the wrong endeavors. The moment you realize you’re following the wrong path, stop. Go back to the drawing board, prepare new plans and start again. In the grand scheme of things, your pride is of small importance when compared to achieving your large long-term goals.</div>
</body>
</html>
