<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0298</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_555">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8864" class="class31">Day 294: On the All-or-Nothing Mentality</div>
<div class="class514">Part of abandoning the all-or-nothing mentality is allowing yourself room for setbacks. We are bound to have lapses on the road to health and wellness, but it is critical that we learn how to handle small failures positively so that we can minimize their long-term destructive effects. One setback is one setback — it is not the end of the world, nor is it the end of your journey toward a better you.</div>
<div class="class675">—Jillian Michaels</div>
<div class="class39">People often don’t act on their goals because they don’t see how they can make it big right away. For them, it’s all or nothing.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s either a sexy, firm, and beautiful body or nothing. It’s either a glamorous start-up, backed by the biggest names from the Silicon Valley, or nothing. It’s either being a perfect dancer or not learning how to dance at all.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s easy to see that there’s only one outcome of this mentality: you do nothing because no matter what you do, you won’t get your perfect results right away. Even if you do start, one setback will discourage you from further efforts: after all, it’s all or nothing and since you just suffered a failure, it’s time to give up as you won’t be perfect anymore.</div>
<div class="class39">Avoid developing such a mindset in yourself by acknowledging that everybody has to first be bad at something in order to become good at it. No world-class performer started out with incredible <span id="page_556"></span>
skills; they all fumbled and failed on their journey toward success. If you don’t believe me, read some autobiographies.</div>
<div class="class39">If you managed to get past the all-or-nothing thinking and started working on your goals, but small slip-ups discourage you from further efforts, tell yourself that you only have to adhere to your resolutions in 90% of your efforts. The remaining 10% is your margin for mistakes.</div>
<div class="class39">That way, one slip-up won’t destroy your entire progress: after all, you’ve already accounted for it, so it’s not ruining your forecast result.</div>
</body>
</html>
