<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0284</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_529">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8848" class="class31">Day 280: On Seeing Your Troubles from the Proper Perspective</div>
<div class="class514">I try to see my troubles in their proper perspective. I say to myself: “Two months from now I shall not be worrying about this bad break, so why worry about it now? Why not assume now the same attitude that I will have two months from now?”</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—William L. Phelps</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9248"></span>
<a href="part0654.xhtml" class="class8951">280</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">At the moment I’m writing this, I’m questioning my ability to persevere for another two weeks before I finish this book. I’ve been working on it for a long time, and it’s been my most difficult project so far.</div>
<div class="class39">The thought that helps me see my current troubles from the proper perspective is imagining myself two months from now, when the work is already done and the book is published.</div>
<div class="class39">In the grand scheme of things, what does two additional weeks of work mean? I’m almost done, so now I only need to push myself for a little while longer and the situation will resolve itself.</div>
<div class="class39">In the past, a friend helped me handle my financial troubles in a similar way. I was worried about the money I owed to the bank, but in the grand scheme of things it mattered little: my friend made me aware that my new business had been making money, it was quickly growing, and it would only be a matter of several months and I’d be debt-free.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re currently struggling or worrying about something, try to look at your troubles from the perspective of you in the future. If <span id="page_530"></span>
your situation will end in several days or weeks, then is it really such a big problem? Even if it’s going to take at least several months, it’s still a temporary condition and worrying about it excessively is counter-productive.</div>
</body>
</html>
