<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0143</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_278">
<div id="toc161_Day_139__On_Tolerating_an_Absence_of_Novelty" class="class31">Day 139: On Tolerating an Absence of Novelty</div>
<div class="class514">(…) the use of a distracting service does not, by itself, reduce your brain’s ability to focus. It’s instead the constant switching from low-stimuli/high-value activities to high-stimuli/low-value activities, at the slightest hint of boredom or cognitive challenge, that teaches your mind to never tolerate an absence of novelty.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Cal Newport</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9438"></span>
<a href="part0507.xhtml" class="class8951">133</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">The ability to thrive in low-stimuli environments, such as when working without distractions, is one of the most powerful demonstrations of self-control. Sadly, most people don’t possess it, because they have developed a habit of constantly interrupting their focus with low-value, highly-stimulating activities, such as browsing social media or shopping online.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re unable to tolerate an absence of novelty, you’ll be unable to focus on anything for long enough to see it through to the end. Therefore, it’s key to develop the willpower to resist the temptation to entertain yourself when things get boring or too challenging for your mind.</div>
<div class="class39">I suggest a simple practice: follow the Pomodoro technique of time management in which you work for 25 minutes and then give yourself 5 minutes to distract yourself with whatever you want. Once the 5 minutes are up, you have to get back to work, and after 25 minutes more of work, you can yet again let yourself enjoy high-stimuli, low-value activities for 5 minutes<span id="page_279"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">The Pomodoro technique works so well because it doesn’t force people to exert incredible amounts of willpower. It’s only 25 minutes of work, so even if you’re usually interrupting work every 10 minutes, you’ll only need to wait for 15 minutes more before you can indulge.</div>
<div class="class39">After following this technique for several weeks or months, you should notice an improvement in the quality of your work. Soon, 25 minutes of highly-focused work will no longer be a challenge for you, and you’ll greatly strengthen your self-control.</div>
</body>
</html>
