<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0236</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_444">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8793" class="class510">WEEK 34</div>
<div id="toc268_Day_232__On_Going_All_In" class="class512">Day 232: On Going All In</div>
<div class="class514">I demolish the bridges behind me... Then there is no choice but to move forward.</div>
<div class="class675">—Fridtjof Nansen</div>
<div class="class39">If working on your goals with a safety net makes you lazy and less likely to reach your goals, try the opposite approach: demolish the bridges behind you and go all in. You will either succeed or lose in a big way.</div>
<div class="class39">Obviously, before making such an extreme decision, take into account all of the risks. If you’re the sole breadwinner of your family, quitting your job to work on a business might not be an entirely good idea.</div>
<div class="class39">However, in many cases you <span class="class8960">do</span>
 have an option to cut all escape routes.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, if you want to start a diet, you can throw away all of the unhealthy food you have in your house, pay in advance for three months of a healthy meal delivered to your doorstep, announce to all of your friends and family that you’re on a diet, and give your friend a substantial amount of money that he or she can spend as they like if you fall off the wagon.</div>
<div class="class39">If the only choices you have are a spectacular success or a spectacular failure, it often makes it easier to stick to your resolutions because the consequences of success and failure are <span id="page_445"></span>
balanced. If you have a safety net and failure isn’t particularly hurtful, in a moment of doubt the temptation to back out can be too alluring to resist it.</div>
</body>
</html>
