<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0264</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_496">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8825" class="class510">WEEK 38</div>
<div id="toc300_Day_260__On_Courage" class="class512">Day 260: On Courage</div>
<div class="class514">People who seem to act “courageously” usually have specific consequences in mind; they know the consequences both of acting and not acting. They’ve decided that the consequences of not acting are worse than the consequences of what we consider to be their courageous acts.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Harry Browne</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9353"></span>
<a href="part0633.xhtml" class="class8951">259</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Here’s a little trick to inspire courage to make a change: prepare a list of the consequences of acting and not acting. List all the great things that will happen if you change and all the bad things that will happen (or keep on happening) if you decide not to act.</div>
<div class="class39">Aim to make the list of the consequences of not acting so terrifying that the only valid choice would be to act. In essence, that’s what courageous people often do in a split second: they see something that fills them with fear and do it anyway because ultimately not facing their fears is an even scarier proposition.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, if you’re afraid to change your job, imagine what will happen if you don’t act. You’ll have to continue working in a job you may even hate. Day by day, week by week, it will probably get even worse. The same faces, the same annoying tasks, the same frustrating boss. Isn’t that prospect scarier than looking for a new job?</div>
</body>
</html>
