<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0039</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8568" class="class31">Day 35: On the Value of Difficult<span id="page_88"></span>
y</div>
<div class="class514">What we obtain too cheap, we esteem too lightly.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Thomas Paine</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9100"></span>
<a href="part0407.xhtml" class="class8951">33</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Easy successes may be pleasant, but if they’re the only successes you achieve, you’ll come to expect quick, effortless results. Then, when life hits you hard with a difficult challenge, you’ll lack the mental toughness to overcome it.</div>
<div class="class39">Moreover, you’ll never appreciate the easy successes as much as the ones that required blood, sweat, and tears.</div>
<div class="class39">Does it mean that you should reject easy successes and seek the most difficult ways to accomplish your goals? Of course not.</div>
<div class="class39">However, you should make sure that you don’t deliberately avoid hardships. Resist the temptation to set your aims low. Scoring exclusively easy wins might feel good, but you’re limiting your potential that way.</div>
<div class="class39">Over the long term, make sure that you always have at least one big, ambitious and demanding goal in life, as that’s where the power of self-discipline shines, where most personal growth happens, and which delivers the greatest feeling of having accomplished something worth doing.</div>
</body>
</html>
