<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0103</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_209">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8641" class="class510">WEEK 15</div>
<div id="toc116_Day_99__On_Applying_Knowledge" class="class512">Day 99: On Applying Knowledge</div>
<div class="class514">Reading 32 books means you’re reading a lot, but does it mean you’re applying it?</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Darren Hardy</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9159"></span>
<a href="part0468.xhtml" class="class8951">94</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">It’s day 99, so you’ve already read 98 entries, with most of them offering tips you can immediately implement in your life. How many have you applied so far? If the answer is zero and you have no intention of doing so, what’s the point of continuing to read this book?</div>
<div class="class39">Whenever you’re reading a non-fiction book for educational purposes, try to find at least one important lesson that you’ll apply in your life. It doesn’t have to be anything big — the point is to develop a habit of applying at least <span class="class8960">some</span>
 knowledge from each book you read.</div>
<div class="class39">I’ll give you some examples from my own reading list.</div>
<div class="class39">When I read <span class="class8960">The One Thing</span>
 by Gary Keller, I decided to always seek only one key action to improve any given area of my life. In the case of my self-publishing business, it was the decision to stick to a consistent publishing schedule (an activity I discovered to be the one thing that makes everything else easier or unnecessary) and foregoing any other endeavors that take a lot of time, but bring few results (such as participating in social media)<span id="page_210"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">When I educated myself about dividend stock investing by reading some books, countless articles and blog posts, I used their suggestions for building my own portfolio. Within a couple of weeks of educating myself about dividend stocks, I’d already bought some shares.</div>
<div class="class39">When I read two practical books about rock climbing, I identified a technique I considered to be a key tool for self-improvement (establishing a specific intention prior to scaling a wall, such as an intention to focus on proper hip-positioning), and started using it during my workouts.</div>
<div class="class39">If you finish a non-fiction book and don’t act upon any of its suggestions, you’ve wasted time. When reading, always think about how you can apply the teachings in your own life — not about how you can finish the book faster so you can begin reading another one.</div>
</body>
</html>
