<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0354</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_653">
<div id="toc402_Day_350__On_Doing_Things_Deliberately" class="class31">Day 350: On Doing Things Deliberately</div>
<div class="class514">Working slowly in today’s world goes against every thought system. You can only work slowly if you do it deliberately. Being deliberate requires you to stay in the process, to work in the present moment.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Thomas Sterner</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9310"></span>
<a href="part0724.xhtml" class="class8951">350</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">In rock climbing, when you’re clipping the rope into a quickdraw and you rush it, your movements will be imprecise. In the end, with rapid movements it will take you more time to clip in the rope than if you were to do it slowly.</div>
<div class="class39">Working deliberately, particularly when the stakes are high, takes a lot of self-control. You need to battle against the temptation to rush things and maintain your concentration when stress threatens to consume you.</div>
<div class="class39">Doing things fast — but not necessarily well — isn’t a particularly good strategy for achievement. In fact, it’s usually the slow, deliberate, poised movements that lead to great outcomes, and not rushed, nervous, or impulsive actions.</div>
<div class="class39">Identify when your behaviors are hasty and unfocused and take advantage of such opportunities to exercise your willpower by doing things slowly and with precision.</div>
</body>
</html>
