<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0227</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8783" class="class31">Day 223: On Clear Cues and <span id="page_428"></span>
Rewards</div>
<div class="class514">People who have successfully started new exercise routines show they are more likely to stick with a workout plan if they choose a specific cue, such as running as soon as they get home from work, and a clear reward, such as a beer or an evening of guilt-free television.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Charles Duhigg</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9487"></span>
<a href="part0597.xhtml" class="class8951">223</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">According to bestselling author Charles Duhigg, a habit consists of a cue (a signal to perform a habit), a routine (action), and a reward for engaging in the habit. This loop, when repeated over and over again, creates an automatic behavior.</div>
<div class="class39">When creating new habits, make sure that you have clear cues and rewards. This will help you introduce new routines with less resistance.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, if you want to start running every morning, keep your running shoes by your bed and before you leave, put your coffee mug on the table in the kitchen so that when you get back, coffee will serve as a reward for a job well done.</div>
<div class="class39">One thing to be aware of is that your reward can’t undo the benefits of the habit. If you want to reward yourself for exercising by eating a giant pizza, you’ll be taking one step forward and two steps back each time you engage in such a habit loop.</div>
<div class="class39">Instead, think of a healthier, less-caloric reward — a smoothie, some nuts, a piece of fruit — or something that has nothing to do <span id="page_429"></span>
with eating, such as an hour spent reading a book, watching your favorite TV series, or taking a long bath. Please note that in the beginning a new habit like jogging in the morning can be unpleasant, but with time the action itself can be a reward (a workout can produce a feel-good endorphin rush).</div>
<div class="class39">Some effective cues include: another habit (like engaging in a positive habit after you finish brushing your teeth), a certain place (like getting back home after work and immediately sitting down to work on your side business for an hour), or a certain time (each day at 6 p.m. you spend fifteen minutes stretching).</div>
</body>
</html>
