<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0145</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_281">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8689" class="class510">WEEK 21</div>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8690" class="class512">Day 141: On Punctuality</div>
<div class="class514">A person who cannot keep appointments on time, cannot keep scheduled commitments, or cannot stick to a schedule cannot be trusted in other ways either.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Dan Kennedy</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9113"></span>
<a href="part0509.xhtml" class="class8951">135</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Punctuality is another facet of a self-disciplined person, while tardiness is often a sign of a preference toward immediate gratification.</div>
<div class="class39">A person who’s late doesn’t give themselves a margin to arrive on time, so they get the instant gratification of gaining a few minutes of time at the expense of straining their relationship or their chances of making a good first impression. Meanwhile, a person who arrives earlier might lose a couple of minutes, but in the long haul enjoys the reputation of being a punctual, trustworthy person.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re often late, realize that being late to an appointment doesn’t differ from breaking a promise; it’s still an act that can cost you the trust of another person. In addition to that, it demonstrates that you lack organizational skills and self-discipline. Is this the message you want to display to the world? Is being late something that will help you realize your full potential or stand in your way?</div>
<div class="class39">Set a new self-discipline challenge for yourself: resolve to always be at least five minutes early for every appointment in the next 30 days. After a full month, it should become a new norm for <span id="page_282"></span>
you, and you should benefit from improved relationships, as well as newly-gained self-respect for having developed the reputation of being a punctual person.</div>
</body>
</html>
