<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0127</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8669" class="class31">Day 123: On Doing This or Nothin<span id="page_254"></span>
g</div>
<div class="class514">The important thing is that there should be a space of time, say four hours a day at the least, when a professional writer doesn’t do anything but write. He doesn’t have to write, and if he doesn’t feel like it, he shouldn’t try. He can look out the window or stand on his head or writhe on the floor. But he is not to do any other positive thing, not read, write letters, glance at magazines, or write checks. Either write or nothing… I find it works. Two very simple rules, a: you don’t have to write. b: you can’t do anything else. The rest comes of itself.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Raymond Chandler</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9271"></span>
<a href="part0492.xhtml" class="class8951">118</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re struggling to get to work, give yourself two options: for the next several hours you can work or do nothing.</div>
<div class="class39">Entertaining yourself with your smartphone, social media, Internet, talking, listening to music or anything else that serves as a distraction isn’t allowed. You can walk around the room, sit, look out of the window, or stare at the monitor, but you can’t do anything more exciting than that.</div>
<div class="class39">This technique gives you a license to goof off, but since you can’t do anything remotely interesting, sooner or later you’ll probably get to work. And that’s the purpose of this trick: you aren’t forcing yourself to work, and hence, there’s no resistance that you need to overcome. If you spend an hour bored out of your mind, even the most despised task you need to do will be a relief.</div>
</body>
</html>
