<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0320</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_593">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8889" class="class510">WEEK 46</div>
<div id="toc364_Day_316__On_Doing_What_You_Love" class="class512">Day 316: On Doing What You Love</div>
<div class="class514">Every man loves what he is good at.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Thomas Shadwell</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9622"></span>
<a href="part0691.xhtml" class="class8951">317</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">If at first you don’t fall in love with the process necessary to make your dream come true, don’t despair. As long as you don’t hate it, everything is fine. The love for the process comes along with consistent improvements. It’s impossible, or at least unlikely, to eventually not fall in love with what you’re becoming good at.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, many entrepreneurs think that they need to do what they love in order for their business to succeed. In reality, what matters most is that their business fulfills a certain need or solves a certain problem.</div>
<div class="class39">If I hire your company to clean my house, I don’t care if you’re passionate about it. All I care about is whether you can do it well, on time, and for a reasonable price. Initially, you might not <span class="class8960">love</span>
 being in the cleaning business, but if your business starts doing well and you become good at running it, you’ll probably enjoy doing it — and thanks to that, it will get even easier to grow it.</div>
<div class="class39">The same applies to any other goal. Get started, make sure that you feel at least neutral about it, and be patient, because once you <span id="page_594"></span>
start getting better at it, the process will become addictive and you won’t want to stop.</div>
</body>
</html>
