<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0180</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_343">
<div id="toc203_WEEK_26" class="class510">WEEK 26</div>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8730" class="class512">Day 176: On Jotting Things Down</div>
<div class="class514">The palest ink is more reliable than the most powerful memory.</div>
<div class="class675">—Chinese proverb</div>
<div class="class39">It’s all fine and dandy to tell yourself that you’re going to achieve this and that goal. However, in the end, our memories are fickle. You can forget about some goals, or stop working on them simply because they were never <span class="class8960">real</span>
 in the first place — you’ve never written them down, so they only existed in your head and if something is only in your head, you can conveniently make it disappear without a trace or simply forget it without intending to.</div>
<div class="class39">Develop a habit of writing down your goals, even if it’s only one sentence or two. Thanks to the habit of tracking your goals on paper, you’ll look at your objectives as real-world resolutions and not just mere ideas floating through your head that you can disregard whenever you feel like doing so. It’s more difficult to do the same if your goals are written, because erasing them — regardless if it’s by deleting a text file or tearing up a piece of paper — will make it painfully clear that you’re giving up on them.</div>
<div class="class39">In addition to writing down your goals, write down specific routines that you plan to follow in order to achieve them. For example, for this book, I have a spreadsheet in which I note down how many daily entries I write each day. That way, I can hold myself accountable and compare my performance today to that of <span id="page_344"></span>
the past. Moreover, it makes it clear to me how close I am to achieving my goal, and all of that boosts my motivation to keep going. It also lets me see if things are going as planned and if the plan itself needs revision in order to improve the results.</div>
</body>
</html>
