<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0309</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_574">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8877" class="class31">Day 305: On the Addiction to Electronics</div>
<div class="class514">It is one of the unexpected disasters of the modern age that our new unparalleled access to information has come at the price of our capacity to concentrate on anything much. The deep, immersive thinking which produced many of civilization’s most important achievements has come under unprecedented assault. We are almost never far from a machine that guarantees us a mesmerizing and libidinous escape from reality. The feelings and thoughts which we have omitted to experience while looking at our screens are left to find their revenge in involuntary twitches and our ever-decreasing ability to fall asleep when we should.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Alain de Botton</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9498"></span>
<a href="part0679.xhtml" class="class8951">305</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">There’s no denying the fact that modern technology is a blessing. It allows us to learn, make money, connect with our loved ones and other people from all over the world, entertain ourselves, and with each passing year, do a whole lot more.</div>
<div class="class39">Yet, there exists a danger of becoming addicted to electronics. Smartphones reduce our attention spans, easy access to information makes us too lazy to learn, and since it’s now so easy to get new things delivered to your doorstep, we’re constantly looking for a new shiny thing that will be the ultimate magic pill and solution to all of our problems.</div>
<div class="class39">I don’t believe that technology is our enemy, but I do believe that too much of it — as with excess in anything — leads to problems. Fortunately, where there’s a problem, there’s an <span id="page_575"></span>
opportunity to learn. You can dramatically improve your self-control by periodically reducing the amount of time spent using your phone or other devices.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, while you’re on vacation, resist the temptation to take a picture and share it on Facebook. Instead, focus on the present moment and engrave it in your memories, not your social feed.</div>
<div class="class39">In the evening, at least every now and then, turn off all of the blue-light emitting devices and spend an hour reading a book. You’ll have an easier time falling asleep, and it will be more recharging, too.</div>
<div class="class39">Whenever you catch yourself feeling anxious to check your phone or social media feeds, it’s a sign that you’re losing control. Reestablish it by periodically going on short technology fasts or deliberately checking your phone less often than usual.</div>
</body>
</html>
