<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0122</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_245">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8663" class="class31">Day 118: On Free Things</div>
<div class="class514">Most transactions have an upside and a downside, but when something is “FREE!” we forget the downside. “FREE!” gives us such an emotional charge that we perceive what is being offered as immensely more valuable than it really is. Why? Because humans are intrinsically afraid of loss. The real allure of “FREE!” is tied to this fear.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Dan Ariely</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9165"></span>
<a href="part0487.xhtml" class="class8951">113</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">“Free” is the ultimate marketing method, and it’s also the one that can do the greatest damage to your resolutions, primarily those of the financial and fitness kind.</div>
<div class="class39">From now on, whenever you see that something is free and you want to act on it, ask yourself whether you really need it. If you were to pay for it, would you still want it or do you want it simply because you don’t want to miss out on a freebie?</div>
<div class="class39">The first practical application is for people who are on a diet and gorge on food whenever they find themselves at a party with free snacks. What are you gaining by eating all this food and what are you losing? Unless food is scarce in your world (and it probably isn’t if you’re on a diet), the only thing that you’re gaining is avoiding the fear of missing out. And what are you losing? Your dream, your hard work until now, and possibly your future. Are the free snacks worth it?</div>
<div class="class39">The second application is for people who want to exert more self-control when it comes to their finances. When shopping, if there’s a deal where you can get one thing for free, ask yourself <span id="page_246"></span>
whether you’d pay for this thing if it weren’t offered for free and if you’re really going to have a use for it. If not, what’s so special about this deal? It might be a deal to someone who would buy the thing on sale anyway, but it isn’t for you.</div>
<div class="class39">There’s nothing you’re losing out on if you don’t purchase something that has no use for you. And if you do buy it, you’re losing a lot: your money, space in your house, time needed to maintain it, etc.</div>
</body>
</html>
