<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0324</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_601">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8894" class="class31">Day 320: On Change as a Cold Bath</div>
<div class="class514">A great change in life is like a cold bath in winter — we all hesitate at the first plunge.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Letitia Elizabeth Landon</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9003"></span>
<a href="part0695.xhtml" class="class8951">321</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Hesitation is normal when you face a big change in life. After all, you’re facing the unknown, and what’s unknown is scary. In the end, though, the longer you stare into the abyss, the more frightening it appears, and the more difficult it is to jump into it.</div>
<div class="class39">For this reason, it might be useful to think of a great change as being similar to taking a cold bath — the less time you give yourself to worry about how cold it might be, the more likely you are to actually jump into it.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, instead of wondering how tiring and uncomfortable it will be to go running, just put on your sports shoes and get out of the house. The more time you spend meditating on how unpleasant it might possibly be, the more likely it is that hesitation will kill any remnants of willpower you still have inside of you.</div>
<div class="class39">When decluttering your house, the same strategy can help you resist the temptation to keep things out of sentiment. Some old items are indeed so valuable that it might be worth it to keep them, but more often than not, people who tend to accumulate things use this rationalization for every piece of junk. Give yourself three seconds.  <span id="page_602"></span>
During those three seconds, if you can’t come up with any <span class="class8960">powerful</span>
 memory that the item gives you, throw it away.</div>
<div class="class39">If you need to make a difficult phone call or have an uncomfortable conversation, hesitation will make it even scarier. By taking the plunge as quickly as possible, you’ll prevent your anxiety from growing and probably resolve the situation more effectively than if you were to wait.</div>
</body>
</html>
