<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0213</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_403">
<div id="toc241_Day_209__On_Finishing_Quick_Tasks_Right_Away" class="class31">Day 209: On Finishing Quick Tasks Right Away</div>
<div class="class514">My rule is never to lay down a letter until I have answered it. I dictate the reply to my secretary at once.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—William L. Sadler</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9107"></span>
<a href="part0581.xhtml" class="class8951">207</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">There exists a big temptation to put off quick tasks. After all, they’re easy and fast to do, so why do them now? Better to batch them and take care of them later.</div>
<div class="class39">However, ultimately this strategy can generate more work. The reason is simple: whenever you procrastinate about a quick task, you’re actually creating two tasks: the task in itself, and the task of remembering to do it. True, you can note it down, but it’s still another task to do. In the end, keeping track of it can cost more time than simply doing the task right away.</div>
<div class="class39">Moreover, quick tasks have a tendency to accumulate, and what originally would only take 5 minutes can ultimately take 3 hours, and then it suddenly becomes a problem to find so much time to get it all done.</div>
<div class="class39">Finally, whether it’s a quick task or not, putting it off just because you don’t feel like doing it now creates a habit of procrastination. Remember that all of your behaviors contribute to who you are as a person. Procrastinating about small tasks leads to procrastinating about big goals<span id="page_404"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">The next time you find yourself thinking about postponing a quick task, do it right away. Anything important that takes less than 5–10 minutes should be attended to immediately.</div>
</body>
</html>
