<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0078</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc87_Day_74__On_Acting_Less_and_Thinking_More" class="class31">Day 74: On Acting Less and Thinking Mor<span id="page_160"></span>
e</div>
<div class="class514">Act less, think more. Reflect on what really matters to you. Stop doing anything that isn’t valuable, that doesn’t make you happy. Savor life.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Richard Koch</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9037"></span>
<a href="part0444.xhtml" class="class8951">70</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">This advice goes against the grain as self-help authors usually suggest to behave the other way around: think less, and act more. The danger in acting more than thinking is that eventually you’ll find yourself working on goals you don’t really care that much about or doing things in a less than optimal way.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, when I was working on my fitness goals, I acted a lot. I religiously followed my workout schedule and did everything I could to build a strong body, including eating foods recommended for bodybuilders, recording videos of my lifts to improve my technique, and even hiring a fitness coach.</div>
<div class="class39">I acted a lot, but thought too little.</div>
<div class="class39">It was only when I stopped and reflected on what mattered to me that I realized that I had never wanted to be a bodybuilder. I was following the wrong ideal, chasing something that didn’t make me happy or produce any visible results. Upon this realization, I redesigned my entire approach to fitness and started doing something that finally felt natural instead of forced<span id="page_161"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Periodically pause and reflect on your own choices. Are you pursuing goals that matter to you? Are you working on your goals in a way that fits your lifestyle, or is there imbalance and disharmony?</div>
</body>
</html>
