<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0301</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8868" class="class31">Day 297: On the Best Time to <span id="page_560"></span>
Work</div>
<div class="class514">I do my best thinking at night when everyone else is sleeping. No interruptions. No noise. I like the feeling of being awake when no one else is.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Jennifer Niven</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9083"></span>
<a href="part0669.xhtml" class="class8951">295</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">The best time to work — and by work, I mean work on your highest priorities, not necessarily your day job, with hours that you can’t control — is a highly individual matter, but for most people there are only two choices for maximum productivity: early morning, when people aren’t awake yet, or late at night, when everyone is already asleep. The common denominator is the lack of interruptions that can ruin your concentration in a matter of seconds.</div>
<div class="class39">Early mornings have the advantage of being easier to combine them with a normal everyday schedule. Even if you wake up at five in the morning, you can still lead a regular life: go to work or attend other obligations during the day with plenty of energy, spend time with family and friends during the afternoon, and every now and then stay up late and enjoy the evenings.</div>
<div class="class39">Unlike the way most self-help slogans go, staying up late doesn’t mean that you’ll never reach success, but in general it’s more difficult to maintain this schedule when compared to waking up early<span id="page_561"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">For one, most humans don’t handle night shifts well because we’re programmed to sleep when it’s dark and be active when there’s light. Second, having to sleep during the day means missing out on many social events. Moreover, a typical employee can’t afford to stay up late; they need to be at work at 9. In the long run, it’s impossible to survive 8 hours of work after only a couple of hours of sleep.</div>
<div class="class39">For this reason, working at night is most suitable to people with flexible schedules. I used to follow such a routine — I worked until 3-4 a.m. and woke up around 1-2 p.m. In the end, I switched my routine and took the opposite approach. While I was generally productive while working at night, my mental health and energy levels visibly deteriorated, due to a deficiency of sunlight and a messed-up circadian clock.</div>
<div class="class39">Still, it’s good to test both approaches and see which one is most suitable for you. The key is to find a period of time when you feel most productive and able to concentrate.</div>
</body>
</html>
