<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0232</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_436">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8789" class="class31">Day 228: On Going Where Your Eyes Go</div>
<div class="class514">In racing, they say that your car goes where your eyes go. The driver who cannot tear his eyes away from the wall as he spins out of control will meet that wall; the driver who looks down the track as he feels his tires break free will regain control of his vehicle.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Garth Stein</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9040"></span>
<a href="part0602.xhtml" class="class8951">228</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">When you face hardships and feel like you’re about to crash, heed the advice of racing drivers: look at where you want your car to go, not at the wall you want to avoid hitting.</div>
<div class="class39">In practical terms, this means focusing on taking the next step to solve the difficult situation instead of busying your mind with worrying about what will happen if you don’t manage to succeed. Doing the latter is not only a waste of energy, it also actively works against you by convincing your brain that the failure is inevitable, thereby making it less likely that you’ll avoid it.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I was once close to being forced to close my business because I didn’t have sufficient money to keep it running. Instead of thinking about closing up shop and worrying about how it would affect my long-term goals, I focused on the next step I could take — doing whatever I could to secure some money to keep the business afloat. Instead of staring at the wall, I looked down the track and managed to avoid hitting the wall.</div>
<div class="class39">Adopt the same attitude when dealing with problems and setbacks. Obsessing about the imminent failure guarantees it, while <span id="page_437"></span>
holding the steering wheel tightly and looking down the track increases your chances of escaping such a fate.</div>
</body>
</html>
