<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0226</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8782" class="class31">Day 222: On Your Depleting Willpowe<span id="page_426"></span>
r</div>
<div class="class514">Self-control is highest in the morning and steadily deteriorates over the course of the day.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Kelly McGonigal</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9024"></span>
<a href="part0594.xhtml" class="class8951">220</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Some scientists (like Kelly McGonigal and Roy Baumeister) believe that willpower is a depleting resource. You wake up with a specific amount of willpower and it steadily decreases during the day until (in the evening) you’re supposedly no longer in control of your actions.</div>
<div class="class39">In their research, critics of this theory like Veronika Job and Carol S. Dweck pose that whether willpower is a resource or not largely depends on what you think about the issue.<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9321"></span>
<a href="part0595.xhtml" class="class9028">221</a>
 If you believe that your self-control is something that you use up during the day, that will be the case. If you believe it’s something that is with you whenever and wherever you want it, you won’t notice a drop in self-control over the course of the day.</div>
<div class="class39">Instead of taking sides, I suggest being neutral about it. Even if your willpower is not a depleting resource, it’s better to perform your habits in the morning — not because your self-control will run out later on, but because things tend to happen during the day that will capture your attention and possibly make you forget about what you vowed to do in the evening. You might also simply get tired and don’t feel in the mood to push yourself once again<span id="page_427"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">At the same time, don’t limit yourself by making an excuse that you’ve run out of self-control. Try to exercise your willpower muscle, whether it’s in the morning or in the evening. The moment you can’t lift a certain weight or continue running is largely in your head and you can often push it<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9496"></span>
<a href="part0596.xhtml" class="class9028">222</a>
 — why that wouldn’t be the case when it comes to self-control?<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
