<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0243</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_456">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8801" class="class510">WEEK 35</div>
<div id="toc276_Day_239__On_Imagining_the_Process_as_a_Litmus_Test" class="class512">Day 239: On Imagining the Process as a Litmus Test</div>
<div class="class514">If we hate doing something, we imagine it as hard. We think of it as broken into many pain-in-the-ass steps.</div>
<div class="class864">If we love something, it seems easy. We imagine it as one fun step.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Derek Sivers</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9581"></span>
<a href="part0612.xhtml" class="class8951">238</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">When setting new goals, do you imagine them as hard, broken down into countless frustrating steps, or is the process clear to you, largely reliant on just one big action you need to take consistently to make your dream come true?</div>
<div class="class39">The way you imagine how the process will go can serve as a valuable litmus test that indicates whether you’re pursuing the right goal, and if so, whether you’re pursuing it in the right way.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I wanted to improve my flexibility and reached out to a physical therapist to give me some pointers on the best exercises for my particular weaknesses.</div>
<div class="class39">I received a list with several different stretches I was told to perform at least two times a day (a <span class="class8960">day</span>
, not a week — this alone was completely unrealistic). I thought about the program as broken into many pain-in-the ass steps instead of a fun challenge. At first, I listened to the advice, despite having reservations about it. Just a few <span id="page_457"></span>
days later I started skipping some exercises and soon stopped following the program entirely.</div>
<div class="class39">I was still interested in reaching the goal of improving my flexibility, but I had to come up with my own, simpler plan that I would consider fun and easier to implement in my everyday life.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re currently following a plan that feels as inspiring as my original protocol for improving flexibility, perhaps it’s time to reconsider how to structure it in a different way so that it will feel more like one fun step rather than a long-term arduous journey.</div>
</body>
</html>
