<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0137</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8680" class="class31">Day 133: On Self-Carin<span id="page_268"></span>
g</div>
<div class="class514">Self-discipline is self-caring. If we feel ourselves valuable, then we will feel our time to be valuable, to organize it and protect it and make maximum use of it.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—M. Scott Peck</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9483"></span>
<a href="part0501.xhtml" class="class8951">127</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">The way you look at what self-discipline is can affect how self-disciplined you are. If you think of self-discipline as <span class="class8960">punishing</span>
 yourself in return for some possible benefits in the future, how likely are you going to be eager to maintain it in your life?</div>
<div class="class39">Instead, what if you embraced self-discipline as self-caring, a way of manifesting that your time is valuable to you and that you want to make the most of it?</div>
<div class="class39">Now, instead of seeing every temptation as something pleasant that you must avoid for the possible future benefit, you’d look at it as a threat to your well-being. For example, upon adopting this outlook on life, you’d understand on a deeper level that watching TV for hours on end is not entertainment; it’s killing your valuable time, and in the case of low-quality TV, killing your brain cells.</div>
<div class="class39">And the other way around: things that you currently consider torturous (such as waking up early, eating vegetables, saving money, expanding your comfort zone, and so on) would all become manifestations of self-care. You’d understand on a deeper level that waking up early makes you more productive, and consequently, creates more time and energy for you — even if it isn’t always fun.</div>
</body>
</html>
