<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0274</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8837" class="class31">Day 270: On Self-Reflectio<span id="page_512"></span>
n</div>
<div class="class514">Socrates compared living without thinking systematically to practicing an activity like pottery or shoemaking without following or even knowing of technical procedures. One would never imagine that a good pot or shoe would result from intuition alone; why then assume that the more complex task of directing one’s life could be undertaken without any sustained reflection on premises or goals?</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Alain de Botton</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8965"></span>
<a href="part0643.xhtml" class="class8951">269</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Set a timer for 15 minutes and do nothing else but sit or lie comfortably and think about your current problems or anything that’s been on your mind recently.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s incredible how much insight you can get by hitting the pause button for mere 15 minutes and simply thinking, without doing anything else.</div>
<div class="class39">When people are new to personal development, they tend to think more than act. They spend more time reading than actually implementing advice. Once you gain some experience and develop a habit of taking action, the opposite is often true: you take a lot of action, but rarely reflect on it.</div>
<div class="class39">The exercise for today can remedy this situation by reminding you that you get the best results not only when you act, but when you act <span class="class8960">and</span>
 reflect on your actions to ensure the highest effectiveness.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
