<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0224</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8780" class="class31">Day 220: On a Lack of Visio<span id="page_424"></span>
n</div>
<div class="class514">A lot of times when people come to us and they say, “Hey, I really struggle with self-discipline in this area or that area,” what we almost always find is it’s not that they struggle as much from a lack of discipline as they do from a lack of vision. The amount of our endurance is directly proportionate to the clarity of our vision.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Rory Vaden</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9417"></span>
<a href="part0592.xhtml" class="class8951">218</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">When you’re staring at this delicious piece of cake, you might start wondering why you’re taking such great pains to avoid it. Unless you have a clear, specific vision that acts as a mental picture reminding you why, it’s easy to say “to hell with it!” After all, you aren’t really sure why you’re depriving yourself of such a pleasure, so why continue to do it?</div>
<div class="class39">I strongly suggest starting each day with a quick mental reminder of your goals. Imagine what you want to accomplish, how it will make you feel, and why it’s so important that you want to reach it.</div>
<div class="class39">On my journey toward building a successful business, I regularly read a document that described (in detail) the future in which my goals are accomplished. It not only made it easier for me to stay productive and keep going despite hardships, but also made the prospect of achieving my goal more vivid and boosted my confidence that I would eventually reach it.</div>
<div class="class39">Write a few paragraphs that describe your own goals or create a vivid mental image and frequently review it to boost your resolve and enable you to stay away from temptations.</div>
</body>
</html>
