<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0112</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc126_Day_108__On_Following_a_Routine" class="class31">Day 108: On Following a Routin<span id="page_226"></span>
e</div>
<div class="class514">I only write when inspiration strikes. Fortunately it strikes at nine every morning.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—William Faulkner</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9094"></span>
<a href="part0477.xhtml" class="class8951">103</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">If you depend on inspiration to act on your goals, don’t expect to achieve them quickly (if ever).</div>
<div class="class39">The only way to ensure that you consistently advance toward your objectives is to establish a routine and force inspiration upon yourself. It works in the same way as with people who always feel hunger at the same time: they’ve accustomed their bodies to eating at the same hour every day.</div>
<div class="class39">My preferred time to write is early morning. That’s when inspiration strikes me — but it’s only so because I established a routine and followed it religiously for years. Likewise, an inspiration to improve my foreign language skills strikes me at nine in the morning because that’s when I usually have language classes. Again — I don’t rely on fickle and elusive motivation; I rely on a routine.</div>
<div class="class39">You can benefit from routines when working on virtually any other goal.</div>
<div class="class39">Always exercise at the same hour, and soon you’ll train yourself to be ready for exercise at the same hour.</div>
<div class="class39">Always meditate right after waking up, and soon you’ll find yourself automatically inspired to meditate upon getting out of your bed<span id="page_227"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Always set aside a fixed portion of your income each week or each month, and soon you won’t even think twice before sending it away to your emergency fund.</div>
<div class="class39">Making your life predictable by sticking to a set of routines might seem boring, but imagine how exciting it will be to finally accomplish your goals, thanks to following those routines! It also uses less energy when you follow the routines as a habit, so you can accomplish more with less energy, leaving you more time and energy for other things that increase your pleasure in the journey itself.</div>
</body>
</html>
