<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0359</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_659">
<div id="toc408_Day_355__On_Luxuries" class="class31">Day 355: On Luxuries</div>
<div class="class514">The taste for luxuries increases with marvelous rapidity under indulgence.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—George Payne Rainsford James</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9288"></span>
<a href="part0729.xhtml" class="class8951">355</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">The more luxuries you consume and surround yourself with, the more you’ll become accustomed to them — and the harder it will be for you to tolerate something less than perfect.</div>
<div class="class39">While there’s nothing wrong in enjoying the fruits of your labor and making your life a little bit more convenient, be cautious to not overindulge in luxuries. They can spoil you and make you less resilient and capable of dealing with difficult situations.</div>
<div class="class39">Not being able to accept something less than perfect is ultimately a big weakness. A disciplined person will be able to train in every gym or even without any equipment, eat healthily even if there are no Whole Foods markets available where they are, and stay productive even without a proper work desk.</div>
<div class="class39">Periodically go with something of a lower quality to remind yourself that things don’t have to be world-class in order to still serve their function. Forego some conveniences to improve your tolerance of the hardships. Don’t indulge yourself after a success, in order to remind yourself that ultimately the most valuable reward is the process you had to go through to achieve the final outcome.</div>
<div class="class39">Doing all of those things will increase your appreciation of what you <span class="class8960">have</span>
, and remind you that discomfort is always just a step away — <span id="page_660"></span>
and yes, there’s always the risk that one day it will be you who will have to tolerate it again.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
