<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0363</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc413_Day_359__On_Treats_vs._Rewards" class="class31">Day 359: On Treats vs. Reward<span id="page_666"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">A treat is different from a reward, which must be justified or earned. A treat is a small pleasure or indulgence that we give to ourselves just because we want it.</div>
<div class="class864">Treats give us greater vitality, which boosts self-control, which helps us maintain our healthy habits. When we give ourselves treats, we feel energized, cared for, and contented, which in turn boosts self-command. When we don’t get any treats, we feel depleted, resentful, and angry, and we feel justified in self-indulgence. We start to crave comfort — and grab that comfort wherever we can, even if it means breaking good habits.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Gretchen Rubin</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9502"></span>
<a href="part0733.xhtml" class="class8951">359</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Trying to totally do without treats and rewards is a posture that is destined to fail. I don’t know of a single person, no matter how self-disciplined, who doesn’t treat themselves to a small pleasure or indulgence every now and then and who doesn’t use rewards as a motivational tool. Treats and rewards serve an important role: they help you to recover and to face future discomforts with a more positive outlook.</div>
<div class="class39">Don’t make the mistake of assuming that you’re so disciplined that you don’t need rewards or treats in order to work on your goals. There’s only one outcome from making such a dangerous assumption: after a period of doing well, you’ll start craving comfort. Since you’ll deny yourself the needed comfort, the desire to indulge will build up, eventually explode, and destroy any remnants of self-discipline that remained<span id="page_667"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Set rewards for accomplishments and don’t be afraid to indulge in small pleasures from time to time — as long as they’re small and don’t compromise your long-term goals. Self-care reinforces self-command, while self-denial depletes it.</div>
</body>
</html>
