<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0271</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_506">
<div id="toc307_WEEK_39" class="class510">WEEK 39</div>
<div id="toc308_Day_267__On_Self-Monitoring" class="class512">Day 267: On Self-Monitoring</div>
<div class="class514">The more carefully and frequently you monitor yourself, the better you’ll control yourself.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Roy Baumeister</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9253"></span>
<a href="part0640.xhtml" class="class8951">266</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">People who monitor their weight regularly have a higher chance of maintaining weight loss permanently.</div>
<div class="class39">People monitoring their output at work have a higher chance of remaining productive in the long run.</div>
<div class="class39">People who monitor the hours when they go to sleep and wake up are more likely to become permanent early risers.</div>
<div class="class39">Self-monitoring is a crucial tool to help you keep track of your results and then, upon achieving your goal, maintaining them forever. I strongly suggest monitoring yourself at least weekly, and if possible, daily.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, to keep myself in check, even though I’m fit, I weigh myself daily and regularly monitor my physique in the mirror. No, I don’t obsess about my appearance like a narcissist or feel my heart rate going up when I step on the scales. The only purpose of doing these things is to ensure that if I somehow fail to notice a slip-up in my habits, my body will communicate it to me and help me address it before it gets worse.</div>
<div class="class39">I follow the same approach in my business. I have a daily word count, but I also monitor my output compared to my output last year. <span id="page_507"></span>
That way, I always know when I’m getting lazy and when I need to concentrate on strengthening my work ethic.</div>
<div class="class39">How often do you monitor yourself? Is it a part of your daily or weekly schedule? If not, it’s time to make that happen.</div>
</body>
</html>
