<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0197</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc223_Day_193__On_Becoming_a_New_Person" class="class31">Day 193: On Becoming a New <span id="page_374"></span>
Person</div>
<div class="class514">If you want to be a new man you have to stay in new places, and do new things, with people who never knew you before. If you go back to the same old ways, what else can you be but the same old person?</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Joe Abercrombie</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9475"></span>
<a href="part0565.xhtml" class="class8951">191</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Changing yourself doesn’t necessarily mean throwing away your old life, cutting ties with your family and friends and moving to another corner of the world. If, however, certain aspects of your old life clearly hold you back, it <span class="class8960">is</span>
 necessary to replace them with something new to enable your identity to change.</div>
<div class="class39">If, for example, your primary way of spending time is going to nightclubs and partying, don’t expect to become highly productive until you get rid of that habit and embrace a new, less exciting, lifestyle. Some of your friends will probably resent you for it, but if they’re against you doing what you need to do for your personal growth, are they truly your friends?</div>
<div class="class39">Likewise, pursuing important long-term goals often means becoming a part of a new community, visiting places you’ve never been to before, and embracing habits that you’ve never thought about. It’s understandable to feel some resistance toward destroying your old ways and replacing them with something new, but ultimately it’s how you become a new person<span id="page_375"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I was apprehensive about terminating my bodybuilding workout regimen and switching to an entirely different, bodyweight-based approach to exercise. I had to follow new experts, perform new exercises, and train in a different environment.</div>
<div class="class39">There’s no way around it; if you want something new in your life, something old has to go, no matter how sentimental you are about it or how scared you are that the new thing might not work well for you.</div>
</body>
</html>
