<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0340</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_628">
<div id="toc386_Day_336__On_Remembering_That_Your_Time_Is_Limited" class="class31">Day 336: On Remembering That Your Time Is Limited</div>
<div class="class514">Thinking that we have ample time to do things later is the greatest myth, the greatest hang-up, and the greatest poison. If we knew that tonight we were going to go blind, we would take a longing, last real look at every blade of grass, every cloud formation. If we knew that we were going to be deaf tomorrow, we would treasure every single sound.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Pema Chödrön</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9390"></span>
<a href="part0711.xhtml" class="class8951">337</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Death can be the ultimate motivator. In a 2007 movie, <span class="class8960">The Bucket List</span>
, it’s their impending death that motivates two terminally-ill men to embark on a road trip with a wish list of things they want to do before their illnesses claim their lives.</div>
<div class="class39">From time to time I like to imagine that I have a few months of life left. I ask myself if I would die fulfilled or if there would be something I would deeply regret not having done. Taking a few minutes to imagine such a scenario is a helpful exercise in discovering your true priorities and serves as a powerful boost of motivation to act now.</div>
<div class="class39">Thinking about death is morbid, but ultimately can also act as an inspiring experience that can shake you out of inaction. Imagine your last hours and think that you’ll never be able to do the things that you’ve wanted to do your entire life, but never acted upon. The only thing left is regret that when you could have done them, you <span id="page_629"></span>
chose to put those things off and now you can only imagine how it would feel to accomplish them.</div>
<div class="class39">Now realize that you’re still here, still alive and kicking, and there’s still a possibility of making your dreams come true. Why on earth are you still putting off those important goals, knowing that one day you’ll no longer be able to pursue them?</div>
</body>
</html>
