<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0088</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_181">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8624" class="class31">Day 84: On Work and Chatter</div>
<div class="class514">The only relationship between work and chatter is that one kills the other.</div>
<div class="class864">Let the others slap each other on the back while you’re back in the lab or the gym or pounding the pavement.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Ryan Holiday</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8997"></span>
<a href="part0453.xhtml" class="class8951">79</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">If you often talk about what you’re <span class="class8960">going</span>
 to do instead of <span class="class8960">doing</span>
 it, you’re not only wasting time you could have spent working on your goal, but also run the risk of not doing anything at all.</div>
<div class="class39">Self-congratulatory chatter carries with it the danger that you confuse it with what actually matters: work. Merely <span class="class8960">talking</span>
 about your goals doesn’t turn you into a person who is working on them.</div>
<div class="class39">This phenomenon is most visible in entrepreneurship. Entrepreneurs who talk the most are usually the ones doing the least. They attend every seminar, meet-up, workshop, and are heavy social media users, but when it comes to making actual progress with their business, somehow it slips between the cracks. Some of them don’t even have an actual business. They’re in a never-ending “research phase.”</div>
<div class="class39">But don’t worry, everybody thinks you’re taking a lot of action based on how much you talk about business and that’s what matters, right? Sadly, while it can gain you points for popularity among the gullible, it isn’t a substitute for work and achievement.</div>
<div class="class39">To ensure that you actually <span class="class8960">do</span>
 the work and get the results, be cautious talking about your goals with others. Use a simple rule of <span id="page_182"></span>
thumb: if you’re talking merely to show off, save it. If you’re talking to gather valuable feedback or get support, do it, but what’s more important, actually <span class="class8960">act</span>
 on the advice you receive.<br/>
</div>
</body>
</html>
