<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0364</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8940" class="class31">Day 360: On Self-Myofascial <span id="page_668"></span>
Release</div>
<div class="class514">Self-myofascial release is a fancy term for self-massage to release muscle tightness or trigger points. This method can be performed with a foam roller, lacrosse ball, Theracane, or your own hands. By applying pressure to specific points on your body you are able to aid in the recovery of muscles and assist in returning them to normal function. Normal function means your muscles are elastic, healthy, and ready to perform at a moment’s notice.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Jeff Kuhland</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9513"></span>
<a href="part0734.xhtml" class="class8951">360</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">As the quote explains, self-myofascial release is a term for self-massage. You focus on trigger points in your body to release tension and bring back the previous elasticity of your muscles.</div>
<div class="class39">What does it have to do with self-discipline? Here are three ways that it applies:.</div>
<div class="class39">First, it’s difficult to be on top of your game if your body is constantly tense. I find it hard to focus on work if I suffer from back pain. When I spend a few minutes massaging the tightest spots, the mental tension goes away along with the physical tension.</div>
<div class="class39">Second, one common reason why people skip workouts or avoid putting themselves in uncomfortable situations is because they’re in pain. A lot of that pain comes from your body being tight like a bowstring. Several weeks spent addressing your most painful trigger points can work miracles when it comes to eliminating chronic pain.</div>
<div class="class39">Finally, self-myofascial release (such as using a foam roller) isn’t a particularly comfortable thing to do. In fact, it can be <span id="page_669"></span>
immensely painful. And that’s precisely why self-massage can be a valuable exercise for your self-discipline.</div>
<div class="class39">Just like in any other exercise, you suffer some temporary pain or discomfort but eventually get a bigger reward. With self-massage, you experience the temporary pain of applying pressure to your trigger points, but then benefit from increased mobility and free yourself from the chronic pain of tight muscles.</div>
<div class="class39">Buying an inexpensive lacrosse ball or a foam roller can be one of your best investments. Greatly reduced (or even eliminated) pain, increased mobility, and improved self-discipline are more than worth the twenty or thirty bucks spent on a self-massage tool.</div>
</body>
</html>
