<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0097</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_199">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8635" class="class31">Day 93: On Connecting Dots</div>
<div class="class514">Again, you can’t connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something — your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. Because believing that the dots will connect down the road will give you the confidence to follow your heart even when it leads you off the well-worn path and that will make all the difference.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Steve Jobs</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9192"></span>
<a href="part0462.xhtml" class="class8951">88</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">All you need to do to achieve your long-term goals is to stick to them. Easy to say, hard to do, particularly when working on those objectives means months upon months of depriving yourself, making sacrifices and hard choices.</div>
<div class="class39">That’s why the belief that things will connect in the end is so important for maintaining a high level of self-discipline over the long term. Willpower alone is a precious tool in your arsenal, but if it isn’t combined with the confidence that one day it will all be worth it, you may run out of juice well before reaching that point.</div>
<div class="class39">When I started my entrepreneurial life, I instilled in myself the belief that no matter what would happen along the way, every sacrifice, hardship, blood, sweat, and tears would be worth it in the end. I had a powerful reason why, and I was confident that I could make it come true.</div>
<div class="class39">If it weren’t for this belief, I know that I would have given up before reaching my objective. And with a more than fair share of knockout-like failures, this would have probably happened a long <span id="page_200"></span>
time before the dots would have finally connected. It took me seven years before all of my dots — previous experiences and acquired skills — connected and helped me build a successful self-publishing company.</div>
<div class="class39">When in doubt, remind yourself that change takes time. What you now see as completely unrelated things can soon connect and form a beautiful picture.</div>
</body>
</html>
