<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0066</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_137">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8599" class="class31">Day 62: On Moonshot Projects</div>
<div class="class514">We choose to go to the Moon in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—John F. Kennedy</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8974"></span>
<a href="part0432.xhtml" class="class8951">58</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">As we’ve already discussed several times, living your life the hard way makes it paradoxically easier, while avoiding the hard things makes your life more difficult.</div>
<div class="class39">When it comes to accomplishing your goals, the hard truth is that easy accomplishments often go away quickly, while larger projects produce more lasting results.</div>
<div class="class39">For one, setting close to impossible goals requires you to think in categories producing pivotal differences, and not mere tweaks.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, losing 5 pounds (or 2 kilos) requires a small tweak. You can eat less for two weeks and you’ll accomplish your goal. However, you won’t fix the underlying issue of being overweight, and probably soon regain the weight.</div>
<div class="class39">How about losing 50 pounds (or 20 kilos) this year? You can no longer afford to think in terms of small tweaks. You need a permanent change — a change in your habits and identity that will address the <span class="class8960">cause</span>
 of the problem and lead to a permanent solution.</div>
<div class="class39">Audacious goals can also transform your life, while reaching safe, easy objectives won’t change much in the grand scheme of things.</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to save a million dollars for retirement, you’ll need a different strategy than if you only want to save enough for a rainy-<span id="page_138"></span>
day fund. A moonshot project of building a $1 million nest egg might lead you to building a business that will not only generate a million dollars for retirement, but also help you retire early — a pleasant side effect you initially didn’t anticipate at all.</div>
<div class="class39">As an additional benefit, big goals are more motivating, which means you’ll be less likely to give up when you encounter obstacles. Granted, you need to pursue the hard things in a smart way so that you won’t find yourself walking with your head in the clouds. Set an audacious goal, but accompany it with a realistic deadline. An ambitious goal is still a big accomplishment, even if it takes you years to achieve it.</div>
</body>
</html>
