<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0131</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_258">
<div id="toc147_WEEK_19" class="class510">WEEK 19</div>
<div id="toc148_Day_127__On_Cold_Exposure" class="class512">Day 127: On Cold Exposure</div>
<div class="class514">Take cold showers first thing in the morning. As soon as you get up. Jump in the shower. Close your eyes and turn the temperature to cold. Not just cold. Not ice cold. Try we-just-piped-this-water-in-from-Antarctica-because-the-penguins-won’t-swim-in-it-cold. Do this for thirty days in a row. I call it Cold Shower Therapy because it, quite literally, is therapy.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Joel Runyon</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9332"></span>
<a href="part0495.xhtml" class="class8951">121</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Doing a two-month challenge of only taking cold showers was one of my first deliberate endeavors to improve my self-control. Unlike other goals that I pursued for the specific benefits that they would give me, my cold shower challenge was primarily about testing myself.</div>
<div class="class39">During those two months, I learned a great deal about how to overcome temptations and how my own mechanisms of self-control work (and when they cease to function).</div>
<div class="class39">I strongly recommend taking up a similar challenge to push your limits and toughen up. Is an entire month or two necessary to benefit from this exercise? Not really. Even just a few cold showers can be valuable lessons that will strengthen your self-control. Willingly exposing yourself to such a torture is something very few people are capable of doing, so this in itself is a great accomplishment.</div>
<div class="class39">If your health doesn’t allow you to take cold showers (and as a side note, please note that you should always speak with your doctor <span id="page_259"></span>
before making any decisions of such a nature), try other ways of cold exposure.</div>
<div class="class39">Underdress in cold weather, submerge the lower part of your body in a cold bath, or turn your thermostat down. Voluntarily exposing yourself to the discomfort you feel when you’re cold, no matter if it’s a cold shower or something less extreme, will still be an excellent way to improve your impulse control and become tougher.</div>
</body>
</html>
