<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0336</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="toc382_Day_332__On_a_Lack_of_Variety" class="class31">Day 332: On a Lack of Variet<span id="page_622"></span>
y</div>
<div class="class514">Routine releases us from the work and willpower required for choice.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Mark Sisson</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9236"></span>
<a href="part0707.xhtml" class="class8951">333</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">When you ask several people for their first thought about what “a lack of variety” means, you’ll probably get answers with negative connotations. To them, a lack of variety means boredom or being stuck in a rut. While routine can indeed be bad for you and your goals, it can also be a good thing.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, in dieting, eating the same meals over and over again (but changing them every several weeks or so when you get bored of them) simplifies the entire process. You no longer have to carefully calculate every macronutrient of a different food because you always eat the same things and can easily eyeball their caloric content.</div>
<div class="class39">In fitness, dedicating yourself to one sport or type of physical activity makes it easier to establish a habit of regular exercise. You don’t have to be watchful about how much you move every given week because you have workouts scheduled on the same days, lasting the same amount of time, each probably with the same intensity.</div>
<div class="class39">In managing your productivity, waking up and going to sleep at the same time ensures that the structure of your day is always the same, which allows you to maximize your productivity and reduce the amount of time spent figuring out when to attend to each task<span id="page_623"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">There can be more freedom in a lack of variety than in living your life without such a restriction. For a period of time (say, a week), test this approach by limiting your choices and letting your routine make your decisions for you.</div>
</body>
</html>
