<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0142</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_277">
<div id="toc160_Day_138__On_Nature_Boosting_Your_Focus" class="class31">Day 138: On Nature Boosting Your Focus</div>
<div class="class514">Nature, which is filled with intriguing stimuli, modestly grabs attention in a bottom-up fashion, allowing top-down directed-attention abilities a chance to replenish. Unlike natural environments, urban environments are filled with stimulation that captures attention dramatically and additionally requires directed attention (e.g., to avoid being hit by a car), making them less restorative.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Marc G. Berman</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9084"></span>
<a href="part0506.xhtml" class="class8951">132</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Research suggests that spending time in nature regenerates your ability to concentrate. What’s interesting is the finding that even viewing <span class="class8960">pictures</span>
 of nature can be restorative.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re struggling to concentrate on an important task and no amount of self-control helps, head out for a walk in a forest or any other non-urban environment.</div>
<div class="class39">I take regular forest walks at least three times a week and consider it pretty much a necessary part of my weekly routine. When you spend your entire days in environments filled with stimulation, your ability to focus will be greatly diminished. Give your mind some time to rest and seek places where you can be by yourself, without blinking signs, crowds, cars, noise, and pollution.</div>
<div class="class39">If you can’t afford or don’t have easy access to the wilderness, at least try to spend some time in quasi-natural environments like a city park or even just your own backyard. If even that is not possible, put on your headphones and turn on a video of natural scenery.</div>
</body>
</html>
