<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0125</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_251">
<div id="toc141_Day_121__On_the_Mark_of_a_Champion" class="class31">Day 121: On the Mark of a Champion</div>
<div class="class514">The mark of a champion is the ability to win when things are not quite right — when you’re not playing well and your emotions are not the right ones.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Carol Dweck</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9154"></span>
<a href="part0490.xhtml" class="class8951">116</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">At the time I’m writing these words, I’m struggling. Instead of following my usual routine of writing in the early morning when I’m the most productive, I spent the entire day catching up with other tasks that all popped up at the same time. Now it’s 8 p.m., I find it hard to focus, and I’m only beginning to write my daily word count.</div>
<div class="class39">And yet, I’m sitting here in front of my laptop and pushing myself to stick to my resolutions and yes, I’ll sit here until I get it done. Wouldn’t it be better to take it easy and just start again tomorrow? If I were sick and barely able to work, then yes.</div>
<div class="class39">However, in my case, even though I don’t feel even half as creative and mentally prepared for work as in the morning, I’m going to persist because it’s when you struggle and things aren’t quite right that you can strengthen your self-discipline the most.</div>
<div class="class39">I know that once I finish my work today — even if it takes me several hours of strenuous work in the late evening (when I’m usually asleep) — I’ll feel good, knowing that I’ve kept a promise I made to myself<span id="page_252"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">If you’re struggling while reading these words, please remember that the mark of a champion is to keep going, under all circumstances. Sometimes it will be hard, sometimes it will be easy, and since you can’t control it, the best thing you can do is to keep going, regardless of what’s happening.</div>
<div class="class39">I promise you that after a long, hard day of struggling, you’ll still be happier than you would be if you decided to take it easy and then had to deal with the guilt of not having done your best.</div>
</body>
</html>
