<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0257</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_483">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8817" class="class510">WEEK 37</div>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8818" class="class512">Day 253: On the Invisible Prison Bars</div>
<div class="class514">You don’t see your prison because its bars are invisible. Part of my task is to point out your predicament, and I hope it is the most disillusioning experience of your life.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Dan Millman</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9655"></span>
<a href="part0626.xhtml" class="class8951">252</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">People like to lie to themselves, even when they try really hard to convince themselves that that’s not the case. Self-denial is like a prison with invisible bars — everything looks fine, except it isn’t.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, when I was overweight, I rejected the notion that I was too fat. I was Big Martin. I sure as heck wasn’t Overweight Martin. What’s wrong about being big? One day, I saw my predicament for what it was: a prison with bars that would only move closer to me, if I continued to delude myself that I wasn’t actually overweight.</div>
<div class="class39">If you can’t generate such an epiphany yourself, it might be worth it to expose yourself to some constructive criticism from a professional — a doctor, a fitness instructor, a business mentor, or a life coach — in order to see your blind spots, or rather, take your blinders off and stop lying to yourself.</div>
<div class="class39">Are there any aspects of your life about which you lie to yourself? Is there something that you think is generally considered <span id="page_484"></span>
bad but you think that it’s okay in your case? What makes you think that you’re different?</div>
</body>
</html>
