<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0149</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_289">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8694" class="class31">Day 145: On Complicating the World for Profit</div>
<div class="class514">To earn a fortune in the diet and exercise industries, there is a dictum: complicate to profit.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Tim Ferriss</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9244"></span>
<a href="part0514.xhtml" class="class8951">140</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">Fitness companies make a fortune on persuading people that exercise or diet is complicated. The same situation applies to the investment world. The more complicated something appears to be, the more people will decide that it’s better to hire an expert to help them than do it themselves.</div>
<div class="class39">Consequently, many don’t start at all because they’re convinced that they’ll fail without help — and help, whether it’s for fitness or in the investment world, is expensive. This provides a legitimate excuse not to start. It also makes you more likely to fall victim to the claims that some product —designed by the world’s top experts, of course — is a miracle solution.</div>
<div class="class39">In reality, most things are simpler than you think. You don’t need to attend expensive aerobics classes to become fit. There’s no need to buy pricey home-delivered meals designed by some renowned doctor to lose weight. An investment advisor can often deliver worse results than if you were to educate yourself with free articles and invest on your own<span id="page_290"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Whenever you want to make a change in your life and find that everywhere you look, companies involved in the industry make it complicated, step aside and review the fundamentals.</div>
<div class="class39">Somehow people were still fit before the advent of commercial gyms. They still managed to build successful businesses without Internet gurus. It was still possible to eat healthily in a world where bookstores weren’t filled to the brim with diet books.</div>
<div class="class39">Don’t use the fact that the industry makes things complicated as an excuse not to make a change. Educate yourself about the basics and draw your own conclusions. For you to make a change in your life, no expensive coach is necessary.</div>
</body>
</html>
