<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0021</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_57">
<div id="toc22_Day_17__On_Rising_from_the_Ashes_of_Failure" class="class31">Day 17: On Rising from the Ashes of Failure</div>
<div class="class514">A setback has often cleared the way for greater prosperity. Many things have fallen only to rise to more exalted heights.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Seneca the Younger</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9309"></span>
<a href="part0390.xhtml" class="class8951">16</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">No matter how self-disciplined you are, there’s no escaping the fact that sometimes you’ll stumble. Perhaps you’ll eat a piece of a cake instead of a salad. Maybe you’ll skip a workout out of laziness. It’s possible that when your efforts result in a failure, you’ll lose the self-discipline to continue and revert back to your old undesirable habits.</div>
<div class="class39">It’s all par for the course, and the sooner you accept, it, the easier it will be to handle the setbacks once they occur. However, don’t consider your failures a useless waste of time and energy; a failure can often present new opportunities or lead to important realizations.</div>
<div class="class39">I failed to learn how to play tennis despite putting considerable amount of time, energy, and money into it. However, this made me realize that I wanted to concentrate on rock climbing, and the failure with tennis cleared the way for dramatic improvements in my climbing performance.</div>
<div class="class39">When discouraged, remember that all struggles present opportunities that, given enough time, you can convert into successes or lessons that will aid you in other areas of life.</div>
</body>
</html>
