<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0241</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8799" class="class31">Day 237: On Shifting Responsibility to Other<span id="page_452"></span>
s</div>
<div class="class514">Many seek to avoid the pain of their problems by saying, “This problem was caused me by other people, or by circumstances beyond my control, and therefore it is up to other people or society to solve this problem for me.”</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—M. Scott Peck</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9021"></span>
<a href="part0610.xhtml" class="class8951">236</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">I have a friend who’s often late. When confronted about his tardiness, he says, “When I was a child, my parents were always late to pick me up at school, so I learned it from them.”</div>
<div class="class39">This way, he conveniently shifts the responsibility for the problem to his parents. It’s no longer <span class="class8960">his</span>
 lack of self-discipline to leave ten minutes early: it’s his <span class="class8960">parents</span>
 who were late (decades ago), so now he’s late for his appointments, too.</div>
<div class="class39">You can often notice similar sentiments among people looking for a job. It’s not <span class="class8960">their</span>
 job to find employment — it’s the <span class="class8960">government</span>
 that should do something about it, as if the government could create jobs out of thin air.</div>
<div class="class39">While those people wait for somebody else to fix their problems, other job seekers take additional training, volunteer, or start small businesses, knowing that even if the economic situation in the country is beyond their control, it’s within <span class="class8960">their</span>
 control to do something that can increase their chances of getting a job<span id="page_453"></span>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Do you have any problems in your life that you think were caused by other people and therefore you don’t accept that it’s your responsibility to fix them?</div>
<div class="class39">What do you think? What are your chances of ever solving them if you deny that it’s within your control to do something about them?</div>
</body>
</html>
