<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0028</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_67">
<div id="toc30_Day_24__On_Happiness_Through_Self-Discipline" class="class31">Day 24: On Happiness Through Self-Discipline</div>
<div class="class514">It is one of the strange ironies of this strange life that those who work the hardest, who subject themselves to the strictest discipline, who give up certain pleasurable things in order to achieve a goal, are the happiest. When you see 20 or 30 people line up for a distance race in some meet, don’t pity them, don’t feel sorry for them. Better envy them instead.</div>
<div class="class675">—Bruce Hamilton</div>
<div class="class39">For a person who has never tested their self-discipline over a long period of time, it’s hard to believe that giving up pleasure can lead to immense happiness. Most certainly, it doesn’t feel that way when you’re fighting against the craving for chocolate, compare exercise to torture, or feel sad that you have to set money aside and can’t spend it on this new cool gadget.</div>
<div class="class39">However, in the long haul, based on my personal experience, subjecting yourself to a strict discipline <span class="class8960">does</span>
 lead to a happier life — and it can be a powerful motivator in the moments of doubt.</div>
<div class="class39">Let me explain why…</div>
<div class="class39">Firstly, as we talked about in Day 1, living your life the hard way makes it easier. People who voluntarily expose themselves to challenges are more capable of handling unforeseen hardships.</div>
<div class="class39">Moreover, giving up certain pleasures (such as unhealthy food and sitting all day in front of the TV) can lead to immense improvements in one’s well-being. Maintaining a healthy weight and <span id="page_68"></span>
beneficial nutritional habits doesn’t just lead to physical improvements; it also affects self-esteem, reduces the risk for depression, and improves your body image<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9251"></span>
<a href="part0398.xhtml" class="class9028">24</a>
.</div>
<div class="class39">Giving up on pleasurable things (such as spending money without control) can also help you avoid crushing problems in the future. Today it might be inconvenient that you can’t spend your entire salary, but tomorrow your savings can save you from bankruptcy or pay for an urgent medical intervention.</div>
<div class="class39">Lastly, self-discipline is in itself a manifestation of your higher being, and is connected with nobler strivings. A human being, reduced to its primal form, has little ability for self-control. Operating in “scarcity mode” and left to its own devices, your primal brain will stuff your body until you won’t be able to walk. It will make you cheat on your partner with every passing stranger. It will assume that every step outside the comfort zone is a danger, and so you’ll never grow.</div>
<div class="class39">Exerting self-control is working against the dominance of your primal brain. You forego primal urges in order to reach bigger and more important goals or to cultivate values that are important to you. You can live your life in a way that is congruent with who you are as a deeply complex human being, not a mere animal with the ability to reason. This leads to experiencing a wide variety of experiences that life has to offer; many of them are immensely more gratifying than merely satisfying the most basic human needs.</div>
</body>
</html>
