<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>part0345</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body id="page_637">
<div id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w8918" class="class31">Day 341: On When Not to Make Important Decisions</div>
<div class="class514">I’ve found that it’s a good rule to never make an important decision when your emotions are in control. I try to program myself in advance to remember this rule when I need it. When I’m in an emotional state (either positive or negative), I try to keep just enough intellect working to tell me one thing: don’t decide now. I wait until I’ve relaxed and can think more clearly.</div>
<div class="class516">
<span class="class8950">—Harry Browne</span>
<span id="TPTs36meQYOOoYBzBnvz9w9338"></span>
<a href="part0716.xhtml" class="class8951">342</a>
</div>
<div class="class39">If you want to greatly increase the chances of making a bad decision, make it when you’re “under the influence” of strong emotions (either negative or positive). The same is true in reverse: to make a <span class="class8960">good</span>
 decision, only do so when you’re in a neutral emotional state, relaxed enough to think clearly and weigh all the pros and cons.</div>
<div class="class39">For example, I have a rule to never agree to make any big purchases over the phone or in person without giving myself at least a day to think it over. That way, I can think objectively about whether I really need to make such a purchase, and if so, research whether I was given a good offer.</div>
<div class="class39">Establish a similar rule in your life and always wait before making any big decisions. This also applies to setting big new goals. It’s better to set them when you’re in a neutral state of mind than when you’re pumped up, because if you do so while being <span id="page_638"></span>
influenced by a temporary strong rush of endorphins, you’ll probably overestimate your abilities and set goals that are beyond your reach.</div>
</body>
</html>
